Foresight: How to avoid Yao Ming from the worst start in 40 years Sina Sports News At 8:00 am Beijing time on November 8th, the five-game losing streak will host the Minnesota Timberwolves at home. In the first five games, the Rockets did not win a single game, and almost all collapsed at the last moment of the game. Currently, they have lost five consecutive games, reappearing the nightmare of 0 wins and 5 losses at the beginning of the 1999-2000 season. Now, the Rockets' only goal is to win the Timberwolves at home to avoid a six-game losing streak. The last time the Rockets lost their six-game losing streak was nearly 40 years ago, and the players were obviously reluctant to match this humiliating record. Judging from the historical records of the two sides, the Rockets undoubtedly have an absolute advantage. In the past 11 encounters, the Rockets have maintained a complete victory. Among them, the home court has been unbeaten for 7 consecutive games against the Timberwolves. The last time they lost to the Timberwolves at home has been back to January 2007. In this offseason, the Timberwolves lost their top star Al Jefferson and brought in former Heat player Michael Beasley. Although the Timberwolves did not start well, they are at least better than the Rockets. They are currently 1-5. The only victory is to beat the Bucks at home in the opener, and they have lost 4 games in a row since then. During the 4-game losing streak, they averaged nearly 120 points per game. So far this season, the Timberwolves are second to last in the league in points per game, just better than the Rockets. Currently, the Timberwolves' top scorer is Kevin Love, averaging 17 points and 11 rebounds per game, but his shooting percentage is less than 40%. On the other hand, the Rockets, in order to have a better chance of winning this game, did not hesitate to let Yao Ming miss the fight with the Spurs, just to win this game with all their strength. In the previous confrontation with the Timberwolves, Yao Ming always suffered some losses in defending Jefferson who had better athletic ability and physical fitness, but now the Timberwolves' inside line is obviously difficult to resist Yao Ming's attack, and Milicic, who is the tallest in the team, is also worse than Yao Ming. nearly 13 centimeters. However, the Rockets also had some bad news. They lost two generals in a row in this narrow defeat to the Spurs. First, Xiao Bu accidentally sprained his left ankle before the halftime break, and then Martin was also injured by the opponent's player in the second half. Up to now, it is still unknown whether the "Pudding Combination" can play in tomorrow's game against the Timberwolves. If they can't play, it will obviously be a big loss to the Rockets' outside attack power. In the last two games against the Timberwolves, Brooks and Martin played a very important role. In one game, Bob scored 43 points in three overtimes, and in the other game, Martin scored 30 points. If the Rockets lack the two of them, Yao Ming's offensive pressure will increase sharply, and he will even have to face the "wolves" alone. According to the latest official news from the Rockets, the injuries of Xiaobu and Martin are not too serious. It is more likely that Xiaobu will miss the Timberwolves game, and Martin is still very likely to return to the Timberwolves. From a tactical point of view, the return of Yao Ming may change the Rockets' play style. They will pay more attention to the inside attack. Compared with Xiao Bu, Smith's personal attack is poor, but he is very good at passing the ball, especially to the inside. In the previous game, Yao Ming had received his pass and scored dunks. And the Spurs this game, the critically ordered Smith also harvested 7 assists, was praised by Adelman. Once Bob misses the next game and Lowry has not recovered from his back injury, Smith is likely to usher in the opportunity to start for the first time in his career. Expected starting lineup for both sides: Houston Rockets: Ismail Smith, Kevin Martin, Yao Ming, Luis Scola, Sean Battier; Minnesota Timberwolves: Luke Ridnour, Wesley Johnson, Darko Milicic, Kevin Love, Michael Beasley (fat boy)