Wizards coach admits mistakes in the use of troops General: I should have started in the last quarter Sina Sports News Beijing November 7th, the Washington Wizards lost to the Cleveland Cavaliers 102-107 at home. After the game, the Associated Press reported on the game. The Wizards and Cavaliers can be described as a pair of enemies in recent years. They have met in the playoffs for three consecutive seasons, but it has been two and a half years since they last played each other in the playoffs. During this period of time, both teams have undergone earth-shaking changes. Players who started in the last playoff series will either change their teams or only play off the bench in this game. Before, the Wizards had beaten the Cavaliers at home five times in a row, but today, although the Wizards' team scored in double figures, this record is still ancient. In this game, John Wall scored 13 points and 10 assists, becoming another rookie in the league after Oscar Robertson who scored more than 7 assists in the first five games of the season. Robertson's record was 1960. -10 games in the 61 season. Speaking of Wall, Mo Williams, who scored a team-high 28 points for the Cavaliers, was full of praise: "Wall is a talented young player, and he will get better every day. Once he really matures It's going to be very scary." Gilbert Arenas played his first official home game today since he was suspended for a gun incident on January 2 this year. During the game, when Arenas came off the bench with 2 minutes and 15 seconds left in the first quarter, all 14,422 fans stood up and applauded. The general was very moved: "I haven't heard the applause of the home fans for a long time..." Wizards The official also complied with the request of the fans, and on the cover of the game guide sent to each fan before the game, it was the image of Arenas. In the end, Arenas scored 13 points on only 4 of 13 shots. He said: "I'm still trying to get my legs to feel, get back the old feel and maintain efficiency." Al Thornton got a team-high 23 today. Points and 6 rebounds, but in the fourth quarter with 9 minutes and 18 seconds left, Thornton was replaced by Wall, and never played again, when the Wizards trailed only 76 to 81. After the game, Sanders thought it was his mistake: "It's my fault. We went into Arenas mode again in the fourth quarter, but in fact, I should continue to reuse Thornton." Arenas also admitted : "Thornton should be allowed to play in the fourth quarter, and I'll hit him." Thornton's response was: "The coach has specifically asked me to apologize, who can be right?" But the Cavaliers regarded Arenas as a thorn in their side. . Daniel - Gibson said: "He is still the Arenas we are familiar with. He will appear in any place at any time, and then blow you up. Therefore, we must always pay attention to his defense and stay in step."