2010 Suzhou Garden Art Season Contemporary Famous Calligraphy and Painting Exhibition ended successfully The first of the theme series of activities, "2010 Suzhou Garden Art Season·Contemporary Famous Calligraphy and Painting Exhibition", was grandly exhibited at Longshan Academy, the clubhouse of Wantong Suzhou Garden. Citibank high-end VIP members and owners of Vantone Xinxin Town were invited to attend this event and felt the strong charm of Chinese contemporary art at the scene. Contemporary Royal Garden, comparable to the fine arts of famous calligraphers and painters, Chinese calligraphy and painting has always been praised by the world as the longest and most splendid great art in the world. This calligraphy and painting exhibition showcases the fine works of contemporary famous artists, such as Fan Zeng's "Lao Tzu Out of the Customs", Huang Yongyu's "Bird and Lotus", Ouyang Zhongshi's "Wise Eyes", Feng Jicai's "Tiger", Ren Zhong's "Tiger" Fragrance Disperses in Autumn and Longevity, Guan Shanyue's Plum Sparrow, Feng Jicai's Landscape Painting, Wang Chengxi's "Announcement of Spring", Ma Haifang's "Happiness in It", Liu Guohui's "Plumbing in Spring River", Liu Chunhua's "Persimmons Like Jade" Picture", Wang Mingming's "Bamboo and Rattan Girl", Yang Xianjin's "Essence", Zhang Jiangzhou's "Drunken Fan Meeting Friends", etc. These works complement the beautiful Chinese private gardens of Wantongsu Garden, which makes the visitors intoxicated. in the hallowed halls of art. Experts watch the calligraphy and painting exhibition site According to the reporter's understanding, the exhibition site of this event - Wantong Suyuan Villa, is a Chinese private garden single-family artwork called "contemporary imperial garden". After thousands of traditional gardening processes, it took several years. Its complex, elegant and rigorous gardening craftsmanship cannot be realized only with personal financial resources. Su Garden is located on the original site of Kangxi Palace in Longshan, Huairou, on the vast royal land of 79,000 square meters, and only 95 single-family buildings are built. The building floor area ratio reaches 0.4, which is rare in the capital, and all of them are carved into pure Suzhou gardens. Stepping into the Suzhou Garden, you will find that each courtyard presents a pure Jiangnan garden style. Hundreds of rare flowers and trees needed for the construction of the Suzhou Garden must be collected in the origin of Suzhou, and then transported to the capital for final construction. Halls, halls, pavilions, halls, buildings, pavilions, pavilions and corridors are all drawn from Suzhou century-old fir. And like this, the fully finished Suzhou courtyard built by traveling thousands of miles to cherish the flowers and trees is currently the only one presented in Beijing. Su Garden fully considers the spiritual style of the contemporary wealth and intellectual class who express their love for landscapes (forum photo album apartment model room review map search), every detail setting in Su Garden takes into account the cultural connotation and the unique aesthetic taste of the owner, and common architectural and cultural sketches in gardens There are brick carvings of Tang poems, steles of Song poems, books by everyone, and couplets plaques, etc., which not only complement the scenery, but also convey the taste and style of the garden owner in the scenery. Out of the high artistic charm of the Suzhou Garden. Master of Sinology, Explaining Treasures of Chinese Culture In addition, the reporter also learned that this event also invited the Chinese treasure appraiser-Xu Xiaolong, the father of the Chinese Book of Changes-Tan Degui, the father of the Chinese Zen Sutra-Wang Shaofan, 3 domestic top The masters of national quintessence interacted with the visiting guests at the scene. The host first invited Xu Xiaolong, a Chinese treasure appraiser, who shared with the guests the "Tao of Treasure Appraisal" - how to identify the true value of collections. Master Xu Xiaolong's explanation was warmly welcomed by the guests, and many people carefully recorded every word of the master. After Master Xu Xiaolong, Master Tan Degui commented on the Feng Shui location of residences and companies in Beijing based on Feng Shui knowledge, and explained some practical Feng Shui knowledge to the guests, which made people benefit a lot. After learning about treasures and feng shui, Master Wang Shaofan, who received the true biography of the father of Zen, led everyone into the world of Zen, allowing the guests to experience the breadth and depth of traditional Chinese culture. At the end of the event, the guests enjoyed the palace luncheon in the beautiful scenery of the Chinese private garden in Suyuan, and admired the world-famous ancient Chinese dance "Han and Tang Dynasty". . This event not only allowed the guests to taste the fine works of Chinese contemporary art, but also allowed them to appreciate the breadth and depth of Chinese culture. The guests present claimed that the trip was worthwhile. i want to comment