Gaming companies and giants: A company that rules Serie A who can win the original manuscript of the Premier League Sina.com, please indicate the source when reprinted by cooperative media! The new season has started again. In the first two seasons, I have published an article on "Relationship between bookmakers and clubs", which has been widely circulated in the Chinese lottery industry. Many media have reprinted or adapted it. Provenance! Gaming and clubs in 2007: gaming companies and European football: who dominates the Bundesliga with the soul of bwin Gaming and clubs in 2006: mainstream teams benefited more from gaming companies Bet365 became the biggest winner of the Premier League Company-Club Relations" season three. However, when I was looking for information, the author paid special attention to the changes in the main sponsors of various clubs and the situation of clubs sponsored by gaming companies, and I will also explain in detail here (Note: Except for 3 and 4 clubs, the author of other clubs is personally The conclusion given after checking the latest official information of the club). Sponsorship levels and classifications of bookmakers’ sponsors The lottery friends who have read my previous articles may know that there are many levels of club sponsors, including Sponsor, Provider and Collaborator. Of course, , For different industries, there are different sponsors, such as sportswear, mobile phones, automobiles, travel, insurance, beverages, media, insurance, gaming and so on. For example, for Barcelona, the main sponsor is currently vacant, and their jerseys are printed with "Unicef" (United Nations Children's Fund), which is a public welfare advertisement; official sponsors include Nike (shirt sponsor), Audi (automobile) Sponsor), Telefonica (communication sponsor) and other 6, official providers include Coca-Cola and other 6, official partners include Artyplan and other 4, media partners include SPORT, EL9 and MUNDO DEPORTIVO (World Sports News) three. Of course, for clubs such as La Liga and Serie A, the classification of sponsors is relatively standard, and they are all carried out according to the industry, which is easy to understand. For English teams, sponsorship is a bit varied, such as Wigan in In the new season, a new sponsorship method is launched. For fans, they can sponsor their favorite players for at least 500 pounds, and they can get the opportunity to meet the sponsored players. For Chelsea, there are two betting sponsors, one is the stadium betting partner, currently Ladbrokes, that is, there is a Ladbrokes betting station in the stadium, where fans can bet on the spot; the other is PaddyPower in Ireland. , mainly by placing a website on the Chelsea website, to attract Chelsea fans to bet on their own website. Bookmakers control teams? No! Many lottery players may have a question: What can these sponsors get in return for sponsoring teams? Will these betting companies sponsor teams, and will they seek huge benefits by cooperating with teams to fight match-fixing? We can draw an analogy with Olympic sponsors. China has just hosted the Olympic Games, and there are various sponsors, from all kinds of industries, but they all pay a lot of real money, so what is the return? First, you can put the words Olympic partner, Olympic sponsor, Olympic exclusive supplier, etc. on your own products and the Olympic Logo, which can greatly enhance your brand effect; Second, the related products sold in the Olympic venues are exclusive For example, the beverages in the venues are all from Coca-Cola, and the yogurt is from Yili. Third, the related products needed by the organizers and athletes in the Olympic Games are all from the sponsors. For example, the tickets must be paid in the Bank of China and via VISA card. , Only CCTV has the right to live broadcast on TV and online, other domestic TV stations and major websites need to buy from CCTV. In my opinion, among these three points, the first point is the most important. For example, South Korea’s Samsung started its sponsorship of the Seoul Olympics in 1988 and gradually became an international brand. Being able to become an Olympic sponsor often means high-quality, global success through the Olympic Games. With the amplification effect of live broadcast, the brand will be widely spread. In fact, the same is true for the sponsors who sponsor the team. They mainly rely on the influence of the team and the broadcast of the game to increase their brand effect and influence among the fans of the team. For example, Emirates has sponsored Chelsea and Arsenal successively. Well-known airline; 888 took the opportunity to launch its own sports betting business by sponsoring teams such as Middle (last season) and Sevilla; bwin has now become the most influential by sponsoring two giants, Real Madrid and AC Milan. POGOs; there are many such successful examples. Do bookmakers benefit directly by controlling or influencing the teams they sponsor? No! I hold a very firm denial. The most important point for gaming companies is to pay attention to integrity and fairness, to pay lottery players in a timely manner, and to offer fair and reasonable odds. If you give the lottery the impression that you know the result of the game early, to lure the lottery into the trap you set step by step, then the lottery will choose to stay away from your company, because there are too many choices for the lottery company, and the lottery needs It is a fair and reasonable betting environment. The most important thing is that no matter betting companies or clubs, they are all officially registered companies, and there are various regulatory agencies. They are all doing legal business and will not destroy the company for a certain moment of gain or loss. Long-term development, such as the Betfair Exchange in the UK, is a typical example. The reason for their withdrawal from the mainland market is not to do illegal business; and AC Milan and Real Madrid are clubs with a century of history, and they will not do it for some monetary benefits. And put the club into a dangerous situation. Besides, the profit point of bookmakers is not to bet against lottery players, but to obtain a margin of about 10% on the basis of fully balancing multi-party betting. As long as the betting volume is large enough, they will make a lot of profits, and they will not go at all. For those who take risks and bet against lottery players, this is the case with Ao Lottery, as well as bet365 and Ladbrokes. You can predict the game by analyzing the opening of the bookmaker’s sponsors, because they may know a little more information, but it is definitely not a manifestation of controlling the game. Please be sure to keep this in mind, otherwise, you will be at a loss. situation.