Yi Jianlian 2 points and 2 assists, the Wizards regret the loss of the Cavaliers' passion for three minutes. >>>How would you rate Yi Jianlian's performance today? The Wizards (1-4) haven't started a two-game winning streak at home since 2006-07. Al - Thornton scored 23 points, Kirk - Hinrich 21 points, Andre - Bu Laiqie 16 points and 15 rebounds, John - Wall 13 points and 10 assists. Yi Jianlian only played 14 minutes and scored 2 points and 2 assists. Gilbert Arenas continued to come off the bench and scored 13 points. The Cavaliers (3-3) ended their five-game losing streak against the Wizards. Mo - Williams scored 8 points in the last 3 minutes and scored 28 points. Daniel Gibson also made a key three-pointer at the last minute, scoring 19 points and Anthony Parker 13 points. The Wizards have been on the winning side of the past five home games against the Cavaliers this season. There is no need to deal with James in the new season, but the Wizards have not played well. The first shot in the second quarter was completed by Yi Jianlian, but failed to hit. After nearly a minute of playing in this section, Yi Jianlian attracted the defense and passed the ball to Nick Young, who made a three-pointer. Yi Jianlian still failed to make a shot when he played for the second time in this quarter, and only made another assist at the end of this quarter. The Wizards trailed 51-59 at the end of the first half. The Cavaliers had a double-digit advantage, 61-51, shortly after the start of the third quarter. Thornton became the vanguard of the Wizards' counter-attack, making three consecutive shots, and then he assisted once again. After the Wizards played a wave of 13-1, they overtook 64-62 in one fell swoop. Thornton scored 8 points in this wave of attacks. The Cavaliers actually failed to make a shot in the past 7 minutes, and only succeeded again when there were 3 minutes and 46 seconds left in this section. Yi Jianlian returned a ball in the cast, which was the first time he scored in the game, and the Wizards led 72-67. The Wizards did not score a point in the last 2 minutes of this section. After the Cavaliers scored 7 points in a row, they tied the score at 76-76. In the final quarter, the two teams were tied several times. Arenas gradually found the feeling, halfway through this section, his three-pointer made the Wizards lead 86-83. After the Cavaliers also scored a ball, Arenas made an attack and a pass, and the Wizards expanded their advantage to 5 points. The Cavaliers went crazy in the last 3 minutes of this section. Williams made four consecutive free throws, and Gibson hit a three-pointer with 1 minute and 33 seconds left. The Cavaliers scored 7 points in a row and surpassed 100-95. After the Wizards called a timeout, they were forced into a 24-second violation. After Williams also hit a three-pointer, the Cavaliers expanded their advantage to 8 points and sealed the victory. Wizards starting lineup: John - Wall, Kirk - Hinrich, JaVale - McGee, Al - Thornton and Andre - Bu Laiqie. Cavaliers starting lineup: Mo Williams, Anthony Parker, Anderson Varejao, JJ Hickson and Jamario Moon. [Live Recording] [Technical Statistics] [Live Photo] (Angkor)