Courier companies collectively raise prices, industry executives say there is no industry conspiracy Sina Finance News on the afternoon of November 25th, the price adjustment of the express industry is becoming a trend. After Yuantong, Shentong, Zhongtong and Yunda successively increased express delivery fees, Zhan Jisheng, chairman and president of Tiantian Express, said in an exclusive dialogue with Sina Finance that Tiantian Express also began to implement new pricing on the 25th, which is 1-1% higher than before. 2 yuan per kilogram. He said that the move was an adjustment based on its own cost situation, and there was no industry collusion problem. The arrival of the peak of express delivery business does not seem to bring a warm winter for express delivery companies. As oil prices continue to rise, labor costs and air and vehicle transportation costs also continue to rise, and the express delivery industry, which has fallen into vicious price competition, is struggling. As early as the 21st, Yunda Express announced that it will adjust the express price from now on, and the price range is 1-2 yuan per kilogram. Subsequently, Yuantong Express also announced that it will adjust the price of express shipments from November 24, increasing by 2 yuan for the first weight and 1.5-2 yuan for the additional weight, hoping to increase costs due to rising oil prices and rising personnel costs. After that, Shentong and Zhongtong also began to raise prices. Zhan Jisheng, chairman and president of Tiantian Express, said in a dialogue with Sina Finance today that Tiantian Express also began to implement new pricing on the 25th, with an increase of 1-2 yuan per kilogram compared to the previous price. He said that the main pressure for price increases comes from the increase in transportation costs. In order to ensure that Tiantian Express can provide customers with high-quality services, we can only choose to increase prices. "Now express delivery companies have almost no profits, and a company can only continue to operate if it maintains meager profits." When asked whether the price increase of express delivery companies was a conspiracy by the industry to raise prices, Zhan Jisheng said that the company raised prices. We did not discuss with the same industry before, nor did we follow the trend to increase prices, but made adjustments based on our own costs. As for whether the price increase will reduce the number of customers, he said that after the price increase today, the source of customers has not declined. "Customers can also understand our situation, especially long-term customers' understanding of us." Regarding the impact of the increase in express delivery prices on e-commerce, a Taobao seller Xiaoran told Sina Finance that although he has not yet received express delivery price increases Notice, but even a price increase won't make much of a difference. "Actually, the express delivery company has already offered preferential prices to our long-term customers, and adding more money will not have a big impact," she said. (Wen Chen from Shanghai)