The Heat bought 100 million top decadent power forwards 15+1+1+0+0 and ruined the name of the giant. Sina Sports News Today, the Miami Heat went to New Orleans to challenge the Hornets. They have won four consecutive victories. They encountered unexpected difficulties. The Hornets are obviously very well prepared for the Heat, but the Heat have never been able to come out of the Hornets' careful deployment, and the most impacted is Chris Bosh. After the opening game, the Hornets' defensemen shrunk below the free-throw line, which happened to be Bosh's offensive range. Bosh couldn't score for a long time after getting a pass from LeBron James and hitting a jumper. In the first quarter of the game, his contribution to the table was only a series of fouls caused by David West, which forced him to leave the game. But such contributions are not all good, and the Hornets' backup power forward Jason Smith performed well after his appearance. Smith's precise mid-range shot and aggressive scramble dwarfed Bosh, and Bosh's poor defense in the first quarter was also the most critical factor for the Heat to fall behind by 12 points in the first quarter. After the start of the second half, Bosh also gradually found the touch, but there is still no change in his attacking method, that is, the mid-range cast and the mid-range cast. In this section, Bosh made 4 mid-range shots by himself, plus a dunk after an empty catch, he scored 10 points in a single quarter. Despite this, Bosh's performance did not change the situation of the game in any way, and the Hornets steadily controlled the situation under Paul's leadership. In addition to the occasional appearance in the third quarter, Bosh is like an invisible man in this game. He can't cause damage to the opponent on the offensive end, and he is also useless on the defensive end. Although Emeka Okafor and Bosh are not directly opposite each other, but as a good inside player for the team, a player who is not good at scoring has scored nearly 30 points. No matter how he is to blame. Hornets three inside, Okafor, West and Smith scored a total of 53 points, which once again exposed the Heat's inside defense weakness. Bosh disappeared most of the time, but his long range has brought the Heat the last glimmer of hope. Bosh hit a 3-pointer with seven seconds left and the Heat trailed 93-94 by just one point. After the foul tactics, they still have the opportunity to tie with three points. But with Eddie - House missed a 3-pointer, the Heat also lost the game. Bosh can be described as the biggest culprit in the Heat's loss, and occasional flashes can't cover up his mediocrity. When encountering tough battles, Bosh often disappears, which may be the biggest variable on the way for the Heat to win the championship in the future. With a total salary of hundreds of millions of dollars and the title of one of the top power forwards, Bosh is far from what he expected. His 15 points on 7-of-13 shooting is reasonable, but as an inside player, Bosh only had 1 rebound and 1 assist, 0 blocks and 0 steals. And this is not the first time that Bosh has 1 rebound in a single game this season. He also only grabbed 1 rebound in the game against the Nets. We can also call him a top power forward, but to add an attribute - top decadent power forward. (268)