Dialogue between East and West Villas in the Dialogue Villa Series of Individuality and Integration Time: 14:00 on September 2, 2009 Venue: Sina Leju, the site of the Taihe Hongyu project, broadcast the event live with pictures and texts. The following is the wonderful record : The picture shows Moderator Quan Wei Moderator Quan Wei: Today we are holding a forum about villas in the "yard on the bank of the canal", thank you experts and scholars for coming and supporting us. First of all, I would like to introduce the guests present: Shen Linan, Assistant President of Tahoe Hongyu, He Qi, Deputy Secretary General of China Real Estate Association, Director of China Real Estate Association (Zhen), General Manager of Beijing Theme Architectural Design Consulting Co., Ltd. Wang Yonggang, Beijing Architectural Design and Research Institute Chief architect Yang Zhou, China Academy of Architecture Design Cao Xiaoxin, head of Jinke Patio, professor Zhou Yanmin of Tsinghua University School of Architecture. First of all, thank you all for your support of our forum today. The project "The Courtyard on the Bank of the Canal" is a very famous project in Beijing so far. After reading this project today, all of you, especially the architects, are all experts and are talking about In the process, it may be necessary to understand the advantages and disadvantages of the project from a distance in order to understand it very well. From the perspective of the market, our media's perception of this project, I was not very impressed with this project five years ago, but after today's changes, there has been some leap forward. In the past, my memory of this project was very indifferent, not very strong. Today, I saw the east and west areas of this project. The east area is Chinese-style, and the west area is Western-style. According to different types of villas, I would like to ask Mr. Shen to share with you the design ideas and concepts of our original project, as well as planning ideas. The picture shows Shen Linan, assistant to the president of Tahoe Hongyu. Shen Linan: First of all, welcome everyone to our project for guidance, and I am very grateful to the Beijing Youth Daily for this event. We can see that this project is basically divided into two areas: the east is a Chinese-style villa, which is the "yard on the bank of the canal", and the west is Taihe Hongyu, which is a western-style villa and residence. We are currently forming such a pattern, which is a combination of Chinese and Western, and a harmonious garden. The reason for the formation of such a pattern has something to do with the strategic needs of our Tahoe to Beijing. Many friends are not very familiar with Tahoe Group. Tahoe is one of the top developers in Fujian, and its influence in Fujian is very large. We once had a statistic in Fujian. Buying our house in Fujian brings brand recognition. more than 75% of customers. When we enter Beijing, we must come to Beijing to be the national model worker. Some Fujian brothers and developers come to Beijing a lot, Jinyuan, Shimao, they have more development projects in Fujian than we say. When we came to Beijing, we wanted to grab the most high-end projects, and we wanted to build villas and single-family villas. Why do we make villa communities with different characteristics on both sides of Chinese and Western styles? Chinese-style villas, we hope to bring to the Beijing villa market, can be made into first-class theme villas, and the West District can also be made into first-class Western-style villas. We are a little ambitious. We can catch all the East and West, Chinese and Western styles in one go, and all of them can form characteristics and reputation, and lay a foundation for Tahoe to be a national model worker. At present, what we have presented in our projects is quite interesting. There are also many projects in Beijing. It may be very rare for us to have two villas with different characteristics in one park. The layout of Beijing Jingcheng villas, some people say that it is the east city and the west city, the south emperor and the north beggar, do we have both left and right hands, one is restrained and reserved, and the other is relatively modern and open, forming two styles. The villa on the west side, our villa is actually an aristocratic villa in the European court. We have two styles. From the point of view of many of our returnees, the aristocratic top-level villas are like this, and their bloodlines are relatively pure. Compared with the villas of some of our brother projects, we mainly build some country villas, and we feel that we still have to go up. Chinese-style villas are even more said, because the "yard on the bank of the canal" was a product five years ago. Although it is called a yard, it does not have a real sense of courtyard. The yard is very small. Only the outer walls have walls that are 1.4 meters high, and the ends are slightly larger. a little. After this work came out, it was very famous in the industry, but there was some controversy about its views. Some people thought it was a very small work. At that time, we gave designers and artists more right to speak, and what they made is actually presented now. The things that came out were very avant-garde or too trendy. At that time, the model house was made of eight boxes. When there were such boxes, many of them were very avant-garde designs. There is a model room called "Desire", which is a big bathtub, a few straws, and "female thighs" placed there. When I commented on this article, I wanted to take off the feeling of lying on the ground. With the progress of products, especially the changes in the Beijing market, we should improve. That is to say, the sense of value and quality of this product in the current market needs to be greatly improved in the past. Now we have some things that need to be changed, and we have transformed this. At present, the things we present should be unbroken, and we want to improve its sense of value. The elements of Chinese culture, where is its soul, we think it should be the courtyard, which is what it is now. Now the yard has really become a yard. The average courtyard area is 598 square meters, the smallest is nearly 400 square meters, and the largest is 1,500 square meters, all of which exceed the building area itself, and truly become a feeling of a deep house compound. We started to talk about whether the 4-meter-high courtyard on the upper floor would feel oppressive. We repeated the sand table deduction, and even surrounded the wall first. It seems that we can determine a height. We think it has reached a height of the golden section. , which presents such a result. Now chatting with the boss of China Daily, he said that many of his friends come to Beijing to see projects, whether good or bad, they can see a Chinese-style villa, a western-style villa, a complete club, and a developer. The process of thinking and improving the initial products is also very interesting in the industry. He said that he will write a few major projects that must be seen in Beijing. From the customer's point of view, whether entrepreneurs like the Western District now, but in actual integration, we are different, or some people say that male compatriots like Chinese-style courtyards, and female compatriots like Western-style villas, which is actually not the case. At present, we see that the customer base has two preferences at the same level, or even two preferences, which is a matter of choice. We meet some couples who want Chinese-style, some want Western-style, and some simply buy a set of each to solve the problem. It can't be distinguished by complete cultural attributes. We can see such characteristics from doing such things. Today, I mainly want to ask experts to help us taste and give opinions. Moderator Quan Wei: In the past, Mr. Cao, Mr. Wang, and Mr. Zhou all participated in the architectural design of Beiqing. In changing the thinking of architects, this is sometimes a very distressing problem. The architect's design is a fluid thing. For example, when you are playing golf, when you want to swing, you suddenly call to stop, and you will definitely hit the next shot. Chinese and Western villas may be two styles, two different ideas. Introduce a background. (Zhang Yonghe) After the design was completed, some artists were invited for this project. After they came, they put in the design ideas of the villa. Our architectural design is something that most people can like, but cannot afford or enjoy, but from an artist's point of view, it is narrow and narrow. There are few people who like it, and even fewer people who may be able to buy it. . The picture shows Wang Yonggang, general manager of Beijing Theme Architectural Design Consulting Co., Ltd. Wang Yonggang: In fact, I participated in this project five years ago. I realize that in the past five years, there has been a relatively big change in development thinking. Because this place is relatively remote at the beginning, everyone is relatively unfamiliar with this place, because it may be only one project after passing through Tongzhou, so I want to invite artists and architects to form an appeal. At that time, from the perspective of appeal, everyone had the impression that the "yard on the bank of the canal" could be said to be a household name five years ago, and the momentum at that time may have been stronger than it is now. But as for the volume of the market, that's another question. Changed from the development idea, the first pursuit was architecture, even architecture. What's possible now is actually going back to the house, back to the product, and I think that's a shift. As for the East and the West, how big is the difference between Chinese and Western styles, or which products are worthy of improvement or need to be improved, I think this is an endless topic. I feel that there are two projects in a building of several hundred acres. I just said that the couple bought one for each person. This is actually not new. This is the case in many places. He likes this, she likes that, and it involves individuals In terms of hobbies, from the perspective of products, it is still necessary to target the market, but from the perspective of architecture, after all, a villa has a period of regional maturity whether it will appreciate in value or collect it in the future. The real value may come to the last one is the location problem, and the other is whether this building can have some capital upgrades in this period, which is a very important state. At that time, I invited some artists. I organized the "desire" thing that President Shen mentioned just now. At that time, I organized the space created by about seven or eight artists. That one was also very controversial in the media at the time. Because the goal to be achieved at the time was to make the place warm up first, because it was not to sell you a sculpture. If you sell a sculpture, the sculpture may be more valuable than the house, so it is impossible to discuss. The key is the way of playing in each period. From the development of real estate, it may gradually give up an attempt and an experiment in architecture, including the pure blood that we see in Hongyu products. Discussing it from the perspective of products, from the garden to the building, to the floor area ratio, the spatial scale is relatively precise. I have seen so many disks in Beijing, and it is indeed relatively complete. We made some renovations to the yard, because some houses had already been built at that time, and the drawings had been submitted for approval. The houses at that time were not made by architects. In fact, (Zhang Yonghe) and the two should be regarded as the second wave of architects. , they carried out the transformation of the skin on the original drawings. It turned out that (the streamlined clubhouse was in the style of the Mediterranean, and it was still debated at the time whether this area should be made of the Mediterranean. Due to the intervention of President Zhang, it was completely changed to a courtyard. Now it is changed to a courtyard according to the starting point of a single house, and the next step is to consider it. It is the problem of the courtyard wall, how to enclose the courtyard wall. When encircling the courtyard wall, a yard as large as one mu of land or half an mu of land is left on average around the house. Maybe our yard is quite big, but it doesn't feel like a yard. It is not a yard. , or say a courtyard wall encloses a single house. Because the house has been built and cannot be moved, if the courtyard wall is properly adjusted and turned around like a hula hoop, some main ones are left, and some secondary ones are made. It's more flavorful than some houses and yards now. Let me briefly talk about these first. Yang Zhou: Today is also a good learning opportunity. Speaking of villas, it is also very interesting. Maybe I came into contact with villa design earlier in Beijing. Architect. After the Olympic Games, the development of the Olympic area was rapid. At that time, the sports area was developed. Later, there was an Asian Games Village in the north of the Olympic Sports Center, and the apartment was brought up. After that, a villa area was built in Beijing. It was called "Xiyuan Community". It was located in the west of the Asian Games Village. It was the first batch of residential buildings in Beijing that we built. At that time, I took on a relatively large one. Later, this community was called "Guantianxia". / square meter, the one I built was 350 square meters, the largest one. At that time, the China Disabled Persons' Federation wanted our batch of houses. Later, the government took care of this matter and gave the second largest house to the Disabled Persons' Federation. The style of the house may be a mixed style of early Chinese modernism, that is, there are modernist styles and some modified styles. Now this house is pressed under the bird's nest, and it was all demolished when the bird's nest was built. , it may only have a lifespan of 15 years. The house I built, I saw later, was bought by an Arab oil dealer, probably an Iraqi, and hardly lived in it for a day since 1995. , More and more villas are rising, and villas have become a phenomenon. Two days ago, a friend of mine bought a villa in the north of Beijing, spending 7 million or 8 million, 500 square meters, just in time for the beginning of the year in Beijing. The price was reduced, and I bought it at a 20% discount. If there is no discount, it may be more than 10 million yuan. The distance between the houses in that place is too tight compared to ours. In general, the styles of villas in recent years have also been varied. We generally see Three types: One is modernism, and even some avant-garde styles. This was produced in large quantities at the end of the century and the beginning of the century. The main purpose was not to sell, but to make this place popular first. Including many artists to (Helan Yamashita) built a house, but before it was finished, it won an art award. The purpose was to heat up the real estate. The house was relatively rough, and now the house is idle, the whole land is deserted, and the developer has not put the cost After taking it back, the surrounding real estate has not been brought. The customers it faces may want some more avant-garde people to live there, but there is still a certain distance between life and art away. Including the commune at the foot of the Great Wall, although it is not for sale, but for rent, if you go to visit now, you have to go to their group to find a relationship and see if it works. There is also a Western classical style. Objectively speaking, we call it an eclectic style, because there is no complete style, including Mediterranean style and Spanish style. Now it is basically an eclectic style. This style is more common in the north and south of China. I have seen an extreme example. In Zhengzhou, they built all the famous houses in the history of modern western architecture one by one, and then turned them into residences. I can't wait to convert the Sydney Opera House into a residence, which is a bit extreme and westernized. Originally, I hoped that people with Western experience would buy these houses, but our classmates came back from abroad and said that if they lived in the West, would they buy this house? They said that it was quite different from their entire desire. In fact, some people in China who got rich first, and people who have no experience in Western life, bought more houses. They thought it was a Western sentiment. This phenomenon is interesting. There is also a Chinese-style garden-style building that has become more common in recent years, such as the "yard on the bank of the canal". This is quite characteristic. There are really not many other places. The courtyard is surrounded by walls, which is very consistent with our own Chinese philosophy. I think this premise will be better in the future. As China's national strength and Chinese people's confidence in their own culture are increasing, garden-style houses will be a little more. Residential villas are interesting. What is a villa? The villa is not the first residence. The first residence is in the city. The closer it is to the work, the better. The villa itself is called "Bieye", which is a house in the suburbs. It may be inconvenient. Once we cooperated with an Australian architect, a very good architect invited me to visit their villa. We talked about whether the transportation is convenient, whether the function is suitable, and whether there are facilities around. This is something we must consider every time we build a villa. The problem, but none of this exists in his villa. When we drove there, we had to drive more than an hour to a seaside, and then there was no road when we were more than 400 meters away from his house, and his road was also Very narrow, specially built for this villa. His parking lot is not large, and the nature is very well preserved. After that, he has to walk, climb the mountain and walk down the cliff, and then he arrives at his villa. This villa is perfectly positioned as a weekend getaway. I asked the architect, do you often come to this villa? He said that sometimes he didn't come for two or three months. He invited you to come here today mainly because you are going back to China, and it is better for everyone to work together, so he invited you over to say goodbye. Some buildings around it are completely hidden in the woods, and the sea is below. The house itself is not particularly distinctive, of course, it is still well done, but it is better to incorporate the surrounding environment. I have an idea, in the end the villa is for myself, or for others to see. In fact, the use of a house is mainly based on your own feelings, not what you show off to others. We made this house a little interesting. Now many of our villas, including the houses we saw today, look wonderful and beautiful from the outside. Why is the inside of the house so strange? Let's do it. Looking at this villa area today, I have an idea. The garden in this villa area is far better than the building itself. It can be seen from the building itself that the architect may be a good architect, but its structure is not well coordinated. primary level. This is a dialectical relationship between inside and outside. In the end this house is to live in or to see. In the early days of the developer, the image must be the main focus. To sell the house, everyone should first look at whether the house looks good or not, but once it is decided whether to buy or not, the internal use may occupy a higher position. superior. A friend of mine asked me if the villa was worth buying, and I said that if there are a few things to consider in life, can you enjoy the gardens in the community every day, the style of your house and how to use the space that is difficult to rearrange. There are still differences between villas and general residential buildings. But there are some problems, that is, the warmth in winter, the coldness in summer, and the usual energy consumption. How to solve these problems. I also asked today, each house has its own boiler. There is a huge difference since I started working in 1990. At that time, architects ran in front of the government, and the market followed. In fact, the market did not exist at that time. The huge difference today is that the market runs in front, and the construction The teacher is behind, and the market demand may be the first. So how to market positioning, I am afraid it will be more important to the development of a construction industry. But in the final analysis, since it is a house, it is still a living consciousness. I have seen so many houses today and discussed with so many experts, which will also give me some new inspiration. Thanks! i want to comment