Hanjian Group, a high-end financial and intellectual summit of Hanjian Real Estate Gold Trade Center City Building Complex, was founded in 1978. After years of tempering and hard work in the market economy, it has developed from a village enterprise to a large-scale construction enterprise with national super-qualified qualifications, and has formed Hanjian Real Estate, which takes real estate development as the leader, and takes house construction, water conservancy and hydropower, highway, and municipal engineering as general contractors. As well as professionally contracted comprehensive construction and new building materials, PCCP pipes, and landscaping as the dragon body, it is a scientific, diversified, domestic and international large-scale enterprise group relying on the tertiary industry and overseas companies. It is foreseeable that Hanjian Real Estate, known as a responsible real estate developer, and its Jinmao Center will give owners a new high-quality life of urban wealth and wisdom. For this reason, Sina.com Leju, Sina Finance and other media led netizens to walk through the live reports of "Ci Enter the "Top of the West City" Gold Trade Center. Time: December 10, 2009 Venue: Sales Office of Gold Trade Center Guest: Zhang Huisheng, Executive Vice President of China Urban Development Research Institute, Deputy Director and Expert Group Leader of Human Settlement Environment Committee of China Real Estate and Housing Research Association , Xu Zongwei, author of "Public Power Market", member of the expert committee of the Ministry of Construction, Ke Huanzhang, general advisor of Beijing CBD planning and construction, director of the Urban and Rural Planning and Construction Division of the Policy Research Center of the Ministry of Construction, Zhai Baohui The following is the live broadcast record: Moderator: Distinguished leaders, distinguished guests, everyone good afternoon. First of all, on behalf of Hanjian Real Estate and Anjia Media, I would like to thank everyone for taking part in today's "Finance" and "Intelligence" to build a national financial industry belt and Hanjian Real Estate-Gold Trade Center 2009 Urban Building Complex High-end Finance and Intelligence Summit. For a long time, the development of this region has been the focus of attention both inside and outside the industry. At present, a number of large-scale developers such as Hanjian Real Estate, a national super enterprise, have entered the Xizhimen business district, and high-end urban complex projects represented by the Golden Trade Center have also appeared in turn. While enhancing the regional value, the urban complex has further promoted the development of the two major business districts, Financial Street and Zhongguancun, with its high-end fashion positioning and rich business structure. Today, we kicked off the 2009 Urban Building Complex High-end Financial Intelligence Summit at the Golden Trade Center, discussing the development potential of Xizhimen business district, and imagining the beautiful blueprint of China and even the world's financial and intellectual center. The picture shows the guests visiting the sand table before the event. Before the event, please allow me to introduce the guests invited to the forum today. They are the urban and rural planning consultant of the Ministry of Construction of the People's Republic of China and the former president of Beijing Urban Planning and Design Institute Ke Huanzhang gentlemen. Mr. Ke, welcome. Mr. Xu Zongwei, an expert on Chinese urban issues and author of "Public Power Market". Mr. Zhai Baohui, Director of the Urban and Rural Planning and Construction Division of the Policy Research Center of the Ministry of Construction. Mr. Kai Yan, deputy director and expert group leader of the Human Settlement Environment Committee of China Real Estate and Housing Research Association. Finally, I would like to introduce to you Mr. Zhang Huisheng, the special guest chair of this forum, the executive vice president of China Urban Development Research Institute. Here, I would like to express my heartfelt thanks to all the guests for participating in this forum during their busy schedules. At the same time, I would like to thank my friends from the Beijing media and all the guests, and welcome your presence. Below, I invite all the guests to take a seat on the stage. Next, I will hand over the time to today's special host President Zhang and all the experts. Zhang Huisheng: First of all, please allow me, as a special host, to express my gratitude to all the experts and media friends for coming. Xizhimen, as the node of the national strategic industrial belt planning, welcomes Mr. Ke Huanzhang from the Urban and Rural Planning and Design Institute of the Ministry of Construction to give us a speech on the regional value of Xizhimen and the upgrading of its value. Ke Huanzhang: It is very presumptuous. In fact, I am here to study today. I do not know the specific location of the Gold Trade Center project. I would like to take this opportunity to learn more about it. I have no more thoughts. The host has already mentioned at the beginning that the project of the Golden Trade Center, located in Xizhimen, is very good. Its location is very good. The host also introduced it just now. It is connected to Financial Street in the south and Zhongguancun in the north. Especially in terms of the development trend of the financial industry in Financial Street, it is not an exaggeration. There is an extension in the south and an extension in the north. From the perspective of various conditions, there is a certain location advantage. In the future, it will also have a certain attraction in the financial city. The traffic conditions are very good, and it has a complex function, including business. At the same time, this area is also the commercial center of Beijing. In addition, the cultural characteristics of this place and other aspects will affect It is very big. It is surrounded by Beijing Exhibition Hall, Zoo, and Zhongguancun. The location is very favorable. This is very good. Another one that I am more interested in, you said about the complex, I just saw it, it is really a complex, the concept of this complex is relatively new to us, but it has already existed abroad, including Hong Kong and Beijing. The trade center was later changed to the Oriental Plaza. It's not unreasonable for Hong Kong to call it a square. Beijing now has a lot of such squares, and there is some truth to it. I understand that although it is a building, it embodies publicity. Another, it reflects openness, everyone can come in for activities, shopping, entertainment, as long as there is such a facility, everyone can come and participate. So this has a certain connection with the city square and the open-air square. After Xizhimen Jiamao rises, it is a good symbol, but now it is relatively lonely. If the Golden Trade Center rises, it can echo each other and it will be a great supplement to this area. Now the functions are more complex, not isolated. For projects like the Gold Trade Center, I hope that Beijing, especially some areas in the commercial and business centers of some cities, can build more such projects, not only to bring a lot of convenience to the activities of the general public, but also to provide benefits. The conditions of the project itself will also bring great benefits to the operation of the project itself. From all aspects, the effects are very good. Of course, in this area of Xizhimen, there will still be some room for development. I hope you can further strengthen the construction in this area. Of course, the market is also changing. As far as possible, an organic connection and communication can be formed between projects, instead of fighting each other. I remember it very deeply. Xidan was the first overpass in Beijing. After a short while, the efficiency of the overpass was greatly improved after the overpass was introduced to the shopping mall. Therefore, the model of our construction is also changing, and the model of the complex is very good. Recently I went to Hangzhou to attend a conference. The leaders of Hangzhou brought a large group of hundreds of people to Dubai for inspection. After returning from the inspection, I learned one thing, and I think the planning there is very good. It has many complex-like buildings. In addition, Hangzhou is making planning and design one after another. There are 100 complexes, forming a building group with more complex functions. So let's take the lead in this area of Xizhimen. If we do it successfully, it will be very beneficial not only to the service in this area, but also to other aspects. At the same time, it is beneficial to strengthen the functions of Xizhimen area, especially business, commercial, and boutique clubs, etc. It meets our current construction needs and I think it will be successful. Zhang Huisheng: The old expert is very humble. For our area of Xizhimen, we not only see the development space of commerce and business, but also point out that our place needs to be improved, but we are very sure that our Hanjian Real Estate Urban Complex is placed in this area, which is very correct. of. We once again express our thanks to the old experts. For a long time, the development of Xizhimen area has attracted attention. Hanjian Real Estate, as a national super enterprise, opened its market here for the first time at the end of October this year and sold 400 million yuan. Whether it is from the transformation of the development concept, or the mission, or the reconstruction and improvement of the value of the Xizhimen area from the national financial industry belt, this point can also explain the huge potential value of our Xizhimen area in the future. Next, we invite the Chinese city expert, Mr. Xu Zongwei, the author of "Public Power Market", to give a speech for us. All are welcome. Xu Zongwei: Distinguished guests, friends from the press, good afternoon. I am very happy to have the opportunity to communicate with you. First of all, I would like to thank the organizer of today's forum for allowing me to participate in today's forum as a scholar of Chinese urban issues and the author of "Public Power Market". Thank you very much. I don't know much about this project, but there is one thing that I think catches my eye and arouses my great interest. What is it? It is the Golden Trade Center. One of the concepts of their design and construction is to engage in a complex of urban buildings. What is a complex? As President Ke said just now, the complex is to concentrate many functions of the city in such a building. The city needs work, life, leisure, and sports. There are many needs in everyone's life. Our building, our project, adheres to such a concept, called the urban complex. So for me, it's very attractive. My coming here is also a good learning opportunity. There will be a few experts who will speak in a while, and their speeches may be of great benefit to me. Why do urban complexes attract our attention? I think that our cities, now or in the future, need to pay attention to the problems of life in the city, or the problem of life functions. As you may know, our city is more than 5,000 years old in an archaeological sense. The earliest cities, according to archaeological discoveries, were in the Mesopotamia. The earlier cities, such as Sumer, have a history of more than 5,000 years. Then the earliest appearance of cities was due to the exchange of commodities. With the exchange of commodities and the exchange of materials, then there were cities, and later, there were military and political functions. That is to say, the first city appeared because of the exchange of commodities. With the exchange of commodities, the military function and the political function were added later. After the second great division of labor in human society, the new function of the city appeared, so there was the emergence of industry. After the emergence of industrial functions, there are service functions, technological functions, information functions, financial functions and so on. However, everyone should note that from the beginning of urban development to the present, there is one function that has been carried out from beginning to end, that is, the life function of the city. No matter how the urban function develops, changes, or becomes numerous, the life function is always implemented the same, and always accompanies the city. emerge and develop. However, in modern times, from the perspective of urban construction in various countries in the world, the living functions of cities have a tendency to degenerate, so in Europe, America, and many developed countries, empty cities may appear on weekends. Many people run away on weekends and stay out of the city. What does this phenomenon indicate? It shows that the functions of life in our cities are neglected. In other words, the life functions in the city cannot meet everyone's needs in life. So everyone ran out, ran to the suburbs, ran to the countryside. What I mean is that in the development of our cities, we should not only focus on the functions of economic development, but also on the functions of production and life. In particular, we should emphasize the function of life. I think there is a basic basis for saying this. We call it development, and development itself is not an end. Economic development is not an end in itself. Whether it is economic development or the development we are talking about, the real purpose is to improve people's living standards and the quality of people's living environment. This is our real goal. So in our urban construction, a project like our Golden Trade Center can be made into a complex. I think first of all, we have implemented an idea in terms of concept, that is, how to integrate the economic functions, work functions and life functions of the city. All functions can be reflected in a building, enabling our children to have a place to play, a place for middle-aged people to exercise, and a place for the elderly to walk. In a building, they can work and Leisure, fitness, eating, and entertainment, so that a project like ours can truly meet the needs of social residents and the public in all aspects of life. I think it is indeed a good implementation of such a project. idea. In this project, I feel that there are still great advantages. From a geographical point of view, this project has many advantages. I may not say all of them if I list a few. The first advantage is the transportation advantage. We all know that Xizhimen is one of the three major transportation hubs in Beijing. It is next to the subway, expressways, and Xizhimen Railway Station. Second, it is a financial center. The east area is our financial belt. Many large financial institutions in the country, especially financial decision-making institutions, are nearby. The third advantage is the cultural advantage. Many universities in our north, many famous universities in Beijing, and world famous universities are not far from us. Another advantage is its historical advantage. There are many very famous historical buildings in Beijing nearby, and many historical and cultural elements are nearby. Like Beihai, Baita Temple, Moon Temple, etc., many historical and ancient buildings are nearby. There is another advantage. We just talked about its environmental advantages. I think the environmental advantages, especially in terms of green environmental advantages, are very good, because it is surrounded by Zizhuyuan Park, Yuyuantan Park, Zoo Park, and other Beihai, Shichahai Park. I'll talk about these first. I would like to comment on Hanjian Group, founded in 1978. After years of tempering and hard work in the market economy, it has developed from a village enterprise into a large-scale construction enterprise with national super-qualified qualifications, and has formed Hanjian Real Estate, which takes real estate development as the leader, and takes housing construction, water conservancy and hydropower, highway, and municipal engineering as general contractors. As well as professionally contracted comprehensive construction and new building materials, PCCP pipes, and landscaping as the dragon body, it is a scientific, diversified, domestic and international large-scale enterprise group relying on the tertiary industry and overseas companies. It is foreseeable that Hanjian Real Estate, known as a responsible real estate developer, and its Jinmao Center will give owners a new high-quality life of urban wealth and wisdom. For this reason, Sina.com Leju, Sina Finance and other media led netizens to walk through the live reports of "Ci Enter the "Top of the West City" Gold Trade Center. Time: December 10, 2009 Venue: Sales Office of Gold Trade Center Guest: Zhang Huisheng, Executive Vice President of China Urban Development Research Institute, Deputy Director and Expert Group Leader of Human Settlement Environment Committee of China Real Estate and Housing Research Association , Xu Zongwei, author of "Public Power Market", member of the expert committee of the Ministry of Construction, Ke Huanzhang, general advisor of Beijing CBD planning and construction, director of the Urban and Rural Planning and Construction Division of the Policy Research Center of the Ministry of Construction, Zhai Baohui The following is the live broadcast record: Moderator: Distinguished leaders, distinguished guests, everyone good afternoon. First of all, on behalf of Hanjian Real Estate and Anjia Media, I would like to thank everyone for taking part in today's "Finance" and "Intelligence" to build a national financial industry belt and Hanjian Real Estate-Gold Trade Center 2009 Urban Building Complex High-end Finance and Intelligence Summit. For a long time, the development of this region has been the focus of attention both inside and outside the industry. At present, a number of large-scale developers such as Hanjian Real Estate, a national super enterprise, have entered the Xizhimen business district, and high-end urban complex projects represented by the Golden Trade Center have also appeared in turn. While enhancing the regional value, the urban complex has further promoted the development of the two major business districts, Financial Street and Zhongguancun, with its high-end fashion positioning and rich business structure. Today, we kicked off the 2009 Urban Building Complex High-end Financial Intelligence Summit at the Golden Trade Center, discussing the development potential of Xizhimen business district, and imagining the beautiful blueprint of China and the world's financial and intellectual center. The picture shows the guests visiting the sand table before the event. Before the event, please allow me to introduce the guests invited to the forum today. They are the urban and rural planning consultant of the Ministry of Construction of the People's Republic of China and the former president of Beijing Urban Planning and Design Institute Ke Huanzhang gentlemen. Mr. Ke, welcome. Mr. Xu Zongwei, an expert on Chinese urban issues and author of "Public Power Market". Mr. Zhai Baohui, Director of the Urban and Rural Planning and Construction Division of the Policy Research Center of the Ministry of Construction. Mr. Kai Yan, deputy director and expert group leader of the Human Settlement Environment Committee of China Real Estate and Housing Research Association. Finally, I would like to introduce to you Mr. Zhang Huisheng, the special guest chair of this forum, the executive vice president of China Urban Development Research Institute. Here, I would like to express my heartfelt thanks to all the guests for participating in this forum during their busy schedules. At the same time, I would like to thank my friends from the Beijing media and all the guests, and welcome your presence. Below, I invite all the guests to take a seat on the stage. Next, I will hand over the time to today's special host President Zhang and all the experts. Zhang Huisheng: First of all, please allow me, as a special host, to express my gratitude to all the experts and media friends for coming. Xizhimen, as the node of the national strategic industrial belt planning, welcomes Mr. Ke Huanzhang from the Urban and Rural Planning and Design Institute of the Ministry of Construction to give us a speech on the regional value of Xizhimen and the upgrading of its value. Ke Huanzhang: It is very presumptuous. In fact, I am here to study today. I do not know the specific location of the Gold Trade Center project. I would like to take this opportunity to learn more about it. I have no more thoughts. The host has already mentioned at the beginning that the project of the Golden Trade Center, located in Xizhimen, is very good. Its location is very good. The host also introduced it just now. It is connected to Financial Street in the south and Zhongguancun in the north. Especially in terms of the development trend of the financial industry in Financial Street, it is not an exaggeration. There is an extension in the south and an extension in the north. From the perspective of various conditions, there is a certain location advantage. In the future, it will also have a certain attraction in the financial city. The traffic conditions are very good, and it has a complex function, including business. At the same time, this area is also the commercial center of Beijing. In addition, the cultural characteristics of this place and other aspects will affect It is very big. It is surrounded by Beijing Exhibition Hall, Zoo, and Zhongguancun. The location is very favorable. This is very good. Another one that I am more interested in, you said about the complex, I just saw it, it is really a complex, the concept of this complex is relatively new to us, but it has already existed abroad, including Hong Kong and Beijing. The trade center was later changed to the Oriental Plaza. It's not unreasonable for Hong Kong to call it a square. Beijing now has a lot of such squares, and there is some truth to it. I understand that although it is a building, it embodies publicity. Another, it reflects openness, everyone can come in for activities, shopping, entertainment, as long as there is such a facility, everyone can come and participate. So this has a certain connection with the city square and the open-air square. After Xizhimen Jiamao rises, it is a good symbol, but now it is relatively lonely. If the Golden Trade Center rises, it can echo each other and it will be a great supplement to this area. Now the functions are more complex, not isolated. For projects like the Gold Trade Center, I hope that Beijing, especially some areas in the commercial and business centers of some cities, can build more such projects, not only to bring a lot of convenience to the activities of the general public, but also to provide benefits. The conditions of the project itself will also bring great benefits to the operation of the project itself. From all aspects, the effects are very good. Of course, in this area of Xizhimen, there will still be some room for development. I hope you can further strengthen the construction in this area. Of course, the market is also changing. As far as possible, an organic connection and communication can be formed between projects, instead of fighting each other. I remember it very deeply. Xidan was the first overpass in Beijing. After a short while, the efficiency of the overpass was greatly improved after the overpass was introduced to the shopping mall. Therefore, the model of our construction is also changing, and the model of the complex is very good. Recently I went to Hangzhou to attend a conference. The leaders of Hangzhou brought a large group of hundreds of people to Dubai for inspection. After returning from the inspection, I learned one thing, and I think the planning there is very good. It has many complex-like buildings. In addition, Hangzhou is making planning and design one after another. There are 100 complexes, forming a building group with more complex functions. So let's take the lead in this area of Xizhimen. If we do it successfully, it will be very beneficial not only to the service in this area, but also to other aspects. At the same time, it is beneficial to strengthen the functions of Xizhimen area, especially business, commercial, and boutique clubs, etc. It meets our current construction needs and I think it will be successful. Zhang Huisheng: The old expert is very humble. For our area of Xizhimen, we not only see the development space of commerce and business, but also point out that our place needs to be improved, but we are very sure that our Hanjian Real Estate Urban Complex is placed in this area, which is very correct. of. We once again express our thanks to the old experts. For a long time, the development of Xizhimen area has attracted attention. Hanjian Real Estate, as a national super enterprise, opened its market here for the first time at the end of October this year and sold 400 million yuan. Whether it is from the transformation of the development concept, or the mission, or the reconstruction and improvement of the value of the Xizhimen area from the national financial industry belt, this point can also explain the huge potential value of our Xizhimen area in the future. Next, we invite the Chinese city expert, Mr. Xu Zongwei, the author of "Public Power Market", to give a speech for us. All are welcome. Xu Zongwei: Distinguished guests, friends from the press, good afternoon. I am very happy to have the opportunity to communicate with you. First of all, I would like to thank the organizer of today's forum for allowing me to participate in today's forum as a scholar of Chinese urban issues and the author of "Public Power Market". Thank you very much. I don't know much about this project, but there is one thing that I think catches my eye and arouses my great interest. What is it? It is the Golden Trade Center. One of the concepts of their design and construction is to engage in a complex of urban buildings. What is a complex? As President Ke said just now, the complex is to concentrate many functions of the city in such a building. The city needs work, life, leisure, and sports. There are many needs in everyone's life. Our building, our project, adheres to such a concept, called the urban complex. So for me, it's very attractive. My coming here is also a good learning opportunity. There will be a few experts who will speak in a while, and their speeches may be of great benefit to me. Why do urban complexes attract our attention? I think that our cities, now or in the future, need to pay attention to the problems of life in the city, or the problem of life functions. As you may know, our city is more than 5,000 years old in an archaeological sense. The earliest cities, according to archaeological discoveries, were in the Mesopotamia. The earlier cities, such as Sumer, have a history of more than 5,000 years. Then the earliest appearance of cities was due to the exchange of commodities. With the exchange of commodities and the exchange of materials, then there were cities, and later, there were military and political functions. That is to say, the first city appeared because of the exchange of commodities. With the exchange of commodities, the military function and the political function were added later. After the second great division of labor in human society, the new function of the city appeared, so there was the emergence of industry. After the emergence of industrial functions, there are service functions, technological functions, information functions, financial functions and so on. However, everyone should note that from the beginning of urban development to the present, there is one function that has been carried out from beginning to end, that is, the life function of the city. No matter how the urban function develops, changes, or becomes numerous, the life function is always implemented the same, and always accompanies the city. emerge and develop. However, in modern times, from the perspective of urban construction in various countries in the world, the living functions of cities have a tendency to degenerate, so in Europe, America, and many developed countries, empty cities may appear on weekends. Many people run away on weekends and stay out of the city. What does this phenomenon indicate? It shows that the functions of life in our cities are neglected. In other words, the life functions in the city cannot meet everyone's needs in life. So everyone ran out, ran to the suburbs, ran to the countryside. What I mean is that in the development of our cities, we should not only focus on the functions of economic development, but also on the functions of production and life. In particular, we should emphasize the function of life. I think there is a basic basis for saying this. We call it development, and development itself is not an end. Economic development is not an end in itself. Whether it is economic development or the development we are talking about, the real purpose is to improve people's living standards and the quality of people's living environment. This is our real goal. So in our urban construction, a project like our Golden Trade Center can be made into a complex. I think first of all, we have implemented an idea in terms of concept, that is, how to integrate the economic functions, work functions and life functions of the city. All functions can be reflected in a building, enabling our children to have a place to play, a place for middle-aged people to exercise, and a place for the elderly to walk. In a building, they can work and Leisure, fitness, eating, and entertainment, so that a project like ours can truly meet the needs of social residents and the public in all aspects of life. I think it is indeed a good implementation of such a project. idea. In this project, I feel that there are still great advantages. From a geographical point of view, this project has many advantages. I may not say all of them if I list a few. The first advantage is the transportation advantage. We all know that Xizhimen is one of the three major transportation hubs in Beijing. It is next to the subway, expressways, and Xizhimen Railway Station. Second, it is a financial center. The east area is our financial belt. Many large financial institutions in the country, especially financial decision-making institutions, are nearby. The third advantage is the cultural advantage. Many universities in our north, many famous universities in Beijing, and world famous universities are not far from us. Another advantage is its historical advantage. There are many very famous historical buildings in Beijing nearby, and many historical and cultural elements are nearby. Like Beihai, Baita Temple, Moon Temple, etc., many historical and ancient buildings are nearby. There is another advantage. We just talked about its environmental advantages. I think the environmental advantages, especially in terms of green environmental advantages, are very good, because it is surrounded by Zizhuyuan Park, Yuyuantan Park, Zoo Park, and other Beihai, Shichahai Park. I'll talk about these first. i want to comment