The classic online game in TV games "Online game, also known as online game (Online game), generally refers to a game in which multiple players interact and entertain through a computer network." This is the definition of "online game" made by Wikipedia . Although most of them are based on the PC platform, online games have never been a PC patent. The road to online games for home consoles can even be traced back to the FC era. Of course, there was only the concept of LAN networking games at that time, and there were no decent game works. Like online games on PCs, online games for home consoles have also gone through the development process from local area network to the Internet. From the simple interconnection at that time to the current PSN and XBOXLIVE, online games for home consoles have developed quite rapidly. With the development of technology, today, almost all console games have added network elements, and content such as downloading updates, online battles, and uploading points rankings has become standard for major games, and even some games are directly available on the Internet. Games are sold as paid downloads, and on the network platforms of the three major consoles, there are many online mini-games for players to share together. It can be said that the Internet era of home consoles has arrived. The users of the three major host network platforms are located in dozens of countries around the world, and the number of users has already exceeded 10 million. The network platform alone can bring in more than one billion US dollars of revenue for the three major manufacturers every year. But very helpless, these things are still a little far from domestic players. In China, there are very few players on PSN and Xbox Live, and very few players play large games on it for a long time. Although most console games are still dominated by stand-alone games, in the development of several generations of consoles, there have also been many classic works of "you can't play without Internet access" and "you can't play without Internet access". We introduce several classic "online games" on home consoles. Players who have the conditions can give it a try. "Phantasy Star" is a classic game series of SEGA company. It first appeared in 1987. After MD, SS and other platforms, the whole series gradually matured. It is also called SEGA RPG with the Shining Series. Two evergreen trees in the series. The game is based on a vast cosmic space, the plot is grand and magnificent, and the time span reaches millions of years, which is extremely popular with players. There are only 4 orthodox works, but there are quite a lot of spin-off branch works and games derived from it, and in the DC era, the series began to gradually transform into online games. DC is the first console in history with its own Modem, which makes people have infinite reverie about the way of DC games. In December 2000, "Phantasy Star Online" (PSO) was released. In order to adapt to online games, the game was transformed into an ARPG, and major adjustments were made in occupations, props, weapons, and combat. The fluency of online games is even more amazing. , even from outside Japan with a 33k kitten connected to Japan to play the game will not be too obvious delay. In that year, the game received a high score of 39 points (out of 40) in "FAMI Pass", which included five CESA awards in 2001 (including the highest honor, the Japan Game Awards), and in the following more than a year, it was released in the world in more than a year. Eleven other awards have been won within the scope; and more than 60% of the buyers have also played online games, with a total registration of more than 250,000 people... After the success of the first-generation PSO, the game continued to make persistent efforts, and the game continued its efforts in PC, NGC, PS2 There have been multiple versions on platforms such as , XBOX, and the PC version of the game "Blue Pulse" has also been introduced to China, but unfortunately, the national server has been closed. The latest series of "Phantasy Star: Pocket Edition" on the PSP still retains a wealth of online content. It can be said that networking has become the key word of the "Phantasy Star" series. The "Resident Evil" series does not need to be introduced too much, and "Biohazard Outbreak" (also translated: "Resident Evil Outbreak") is a more special branch in the series, which can be played both single-player and also Collaborate online. The game was originally born in 2003. Players who cannot use PS2 to access the Internet can only play a small part of the game in stand-alone mode. The game is based on the raccoon city after the outbreak of the virus during the period of "Resident Evil 2". Players are no longer lone heroes armed to the teeth. "Slaughter zombies" does not exist here. Players need to play as civilians. cooperate with each other in the city, and finally survive. The game supports multiplayer online collaboration, and according to different occupations such as police officers and doctors, they also have their own skills such as unlocking and dispensing. The most interesting thing for players is that in the game, the player is no longer a superman who is not afraid of biting. Once bitten by a zombie, there is a possibility of being infected. After becoming a zombie, you still have 1 minute of free operation time. Then it will be Game Over... This has made a large number of "zombie control" players. In 2004, the game launched a sequel "Resident Evil: Escape from Life File 2", which can also be said to be version 1.1. Since then, the game has maintained a high popularity on the official CAPCOM server until 2007, with the PS3 network. The perfection of the game's online business had to shut down. But until today, there are still quite a few private servers, and many players experience "real Resident Evil" online. The most popular online game in the video game industry in recent years is "Monster Hunter" (Monster Hunter). Among the top ten weekly software sales in Japan. The game debuted on PS2 in 2004. The game can be played both single-player and multiplayer online. Although it is not a pure MMORPG, the game already has the shadow of many large-scale online games. Players need to continuously complete tasks in the game, obtain money, equipment and various materials, and increase their hunter level. The system of the game is similar to the general stand-alone game, but it is colorful in form, such as: when you are hungry, you can kill monsters, get raw meat, and you can replenish it when it is cooked. And through the obtained materials, you can also build your own weapons... The theme of the series is hunting. Echoing this theme, there are many huge, ferocious creatures in the game. The game also includes many "eco-movie" CG animations about these giant creatures. "Eco-film" uses a performance approach similar to animal documentaries. Because the series has a very unique world view, many related products such as novels, dolls, models, radio drama CDs, and collectible card games have also been derived. The game has always been based on the PS series console before, and the latest game "Monster Hunter 3" has switched to the embrace of the Wii. When the game was offered for trial play at TGS08, it was full within 7 minutes of opening, creating the "fastest burst record in history". The extent of this can be seen, the game will debut in August. Due to its success on home platforms, the online game "Monster Hunter Frontier ONLINE" adapted from PS2 "Monster Hunter 2" was launched on PC in 2007. The game, on the basis of inheriting the core game content of the original work, is aimed at home game consoles and PC platforms. Features and differences, system and operation adjustments, and many new elements have been added. It has also achieved great success in Japan. Capcom continues to add weapons, equipment, and BOSS to the game, so that the vitality of the game can continue. The game has already gone out of Japan, South Korea and Taiwan have servers, and it is said that in the mainland, private servers of the game have appeared... Both games are from KOEI, which is good at historical themes, and both were ported from PC to home consoles , and then introduce them together here. "Nobunaga's Ambition" is a well-known game series by KOEI. It first appeared in 1983. It is a strategy game with the background of the Warring States Period in Japan. A considerable number of players in East Asia love this game. The online version of the game "Spot Ambition Online" debuted on PC in 2003, and was ported to PS2 the following year. The two versions use the same server, and the data is completely shared. The game is a pure MMORPG. In the game, the player sits up from an ordinary soldier and grows step by step into a "Daimyo". The "joint battle" is the most characteristic content of the game. A huge battle between two forces with thousands of players will last for more than a month. Through the results of the joint battle, the two sides can be redrawn. sphere of influence. The game has gone through 6 years this year, and has undergone several important updates, and there is a national server in the mainland. Interested players can try it out. The "Age of Voyage" series is a game set in the historical background of the "Great Geographical Discovery" that occurred in Europe and even around the world from the 15th to the 17th century. Also very popular in East Asia. Players can complete the tasks set by the game in real oceans and continents. In the game, the player takes on the role of a captain (usually the captain of a fleet), leading a fleet of expeditions in trade, privateering, bounty hunts, expeditions, and sea heists. The online version of "The Age of Voyage" appeared on PC in 2004. After the update of the expansion "Southern Cross", it was transplanted to PS3 in 2009 and shared data with the PC version. The PC version of the game also has proxies. The "Final Fantasy" series does not need to be introduced too much, the world's top RPG masterpiece. FF11 is a series of quite alternative works. At that time, for the PlayOnline plan of PS2, SQUARE decisively changed the series of orthodox works into online games. The game is a typical MMORPG. The world in which the story takes place is called Vana'diel. There are 4 races, and many classic occupations in FF appear in the game. Different from other online games, FF11 has created a "random job transfer system". A main character can change jobs at will in 18 occupations, and is no longer limited to one occupation. In addition to the main role, the role can also choose one of the other 17 occupations as a deputy, which means that FF11 has 17*18=306 occupational combinations. The game was first released on the PS2 platform in 2002. At that time, the game had gestures such as fingering and gestures, and there were rich facial expressions such as smiles. It could be said to be quite advanced at that time. Later, the PC was transplanted, and the computer that can run FF11 can almost be described as "super". After the game was launched, the number of registrations in Japan exceeded 300,000 in an instant. Later, it was transplanted to XBOX, and the European version was released, which has successfully entered the international market. However, players' evaluation of the game has gradually changed from unreserved praise to criticism in the past. They complained about the increasing difficulty of the game and the rigid game mode. Fortunately, the game has also released two large expansions. The game also maintains the vitality of the game. The newly released FF14 is also an online game, with a world view similar to FF11, and there will be FF11 linkage content, which can be regarded as a sequel to FF11. The game will be on the PS3 in 2010. Usually translated as "Metal Gear Solid", but the official Chinese translation given by KONAMI is "Metal Gear Solid". Although it is the same as the company's Chinese name, we still follow the official translation. The Metal Gear series has continued KONAMI's 20-year military-themed action game classics, and MGS has become a model for expressing games with cinematic techniques. In the PS2 era, as the "complete version" of the game, "MGS3 SUBSISTANCE" first added an online online confrontation mode, which was successful, which made KOANMI see another development route of the game. In 2008, "Metal Gear Online" was bundled with MGS4 and debuted on PS3. The game improved the networking mode of "MGS3 S" and became a multiplayer battle mode, including "death", "rescue" and "control". mode, while the game still maintains the original third-person perspective, and the basic operation mode is also similar to the series. The well-received weapons in the series have been greatly enhanced in MGSO, and nearly 20 weapons are all made according to real weapons. The game's new SOP system is a way to enhance teamwork. Basically, SOP is mainly about the nanomachines implanted in all soldiers on the battlefield. This creates a physical connection between the player and teammates, knowing where teammates are and their physical condition. Due to the success of the game, MGO was later sold separately, and has been updated three times. In addition to the basic content of the game, each update also does not forget the common spoof elements in the original work. While constantly bringing freshness to players, it also Maintain the original basic style of the game. At present, the number of users of the game in Japan is nearly 2 million. Especially recommended, "Little Big Plant" (Little Big Plant), Sony's creative game on PS3, debuted in 2008, the game production cost is not high, but it has become a first-line work on PS3. The biggest essence of the game can be summed up in two words "creation" and "sharing". The basic character in the game is a silly sack boy (sack boy), and like an online game, players can edit the character of the game themselves. The levels of the game are also made by the players themselves. Using the materials provided in the game, players can freely set various organs in the levels, and the physical effects are all automatically generated by the PS3 host. After the level is completed, players can upload their work to the Internet for other players to play together. The game will hold competitions from time to time, select the best levels, and give certain rewards to the winning players. The way of the game is the simplest horizontal version, but it is this infinite extensibility that makes the game infinitely changeable, and the server is full of creative works of players from all over the world. Due to the large amount of materials provided by the government and the strong creativity of players, "LittleBig Planet" has appeared in countless "reprints" of classic games. Players have made "Super Mario" and made "Super Mario" in the game. After "Halo" and even "Contra" with 8 levels, Sony also caused a lot of trouble due to copyright issues. It is estimated that due to copyright issues, Sony officially deletes hundreds of player-made levels every day. On the day of the game's release, SCE's servers were temporarily paralyzed. LittleBigPlanet has become a must-have game for many PS3 players. Recently, Sony has also cooperated with many companies and launched many officially authorized game shapes and levels, of course, there is a charge... But for players who like DIY, creating games by yourself is the king! Summary: Above, we have introduced several classic online games that have appeared or are popular. Some players may find that most of them are works from the PS camp. This is because there are many online games on Xbox live, but pure There are indeed very few masterpieces of online games. Online games like "Gears of War" are super popular, but they can also play very high games on a single player, and they are not included in it. Home game consoles have entered the Internet age, plug your console into the Internet, and share the joy of gaming with players around the world. X360 afraid of being banned? If you have a BAN, just play it as a traditional stand-alone game. Anyway, there is nothing to lose. If you expand the BAN thing, it is very hard to fight RP...