NASA intends to extend the service period of the space shuttle to 2015 Sina Technology News Beijing time September 1st, according to foreign media reports on the 31st, an internal email sent this week revealed that after the original retirement time in 2010, Whether the space shuttle program can continue, NASA staff will study. The email, obtained by the Orlando Sentinel, said NASA administrator Michael Griffin had requested a study into whether the space shuttle could be in service until 2015. By that time, construction of NASA's next-generation "space platform" has been completed. In the email sent on the 27th, John Coggeshall, director of the Johnson Space Center in Houston, said: "We want to be as effective as possible in helping U.S. spacecraft maintain the ability to fly to the International Space Station." Currently, NASA Officials have confirmed the authenticity of the email, but said it was too early to determine the purpose of the study. Spokesman John Yembrick said in an interview with the media: "The email has indeed been sent, and what it says is true. But the specific parameters of the research are not specified in the email. Prior to this, Griffin had opposed extending the service time of the Space Shuttle's maiden flight in 1981, arguing that the funding and related efforts needed to extend the service period would affect the amount of time spent on future orbital and lunar missions. The progress of Project Constellation. The space shuttle program has brought billions of dollars in government funding over the past few decades while bringing thousands of jobs to Cape Canaveral, Houston and other space shuttle parts manufacturing areas. For such a space program that is about to come to an end, it has attracted attention not only economically, but also politically. Republican presidential candidate John McCain was one of the first senators to ask NASA to extend the space shuttle's service by at least a year. Democratic candidate Barack Obama has also called for $2 billion in funding for NASA to extend the space shuttle beyond 2010. Yembrick said that McCain has sent a letter to inquire, and a new presidential team is about to be formed. In this case, "we need to prepare for this coming issue". In contrast, some are more concerned with the current "stop fix" of buying Russian spaceships. But such an expedient may be unwise as Russia's military conflict with former Soviet member Georgia has strained Russian-American diplomatic relations. Griffin has raised the question of how much money is needed to keep the space shuttle flying. In 2007, he estimated the amount of funding needed at $4 billion per year after 2010. He told Congress in November: "Keeping the Space Shuttle in service beyond 2010 does not increase America's manned spaceflight capability, it delays the existence of a new capability and increases the ability to bring the new capability into service. The overall life cycle cost required.” (Xiaowen)