UN-Habitat Sustainable Development World Green and Low-Carbon Strategy Summit In 2010, low-carbon economy swept the world! In 2010, the global focus of UN-Habitat is to actively promote the sustainable development of urban green and low-carbon buildings through the global network and the call of participating countries. 2010 was the "green and low-carbon first year" of Chinese real estate. How to clearly understand the new changes of green and low-carbon buildings and effectively promote the huge business opportunities of coordinated development with cities has become the consensus of the current strategic development of China's real estate industry. As the initiator and advocate of "China's Real Estate Green and Low-Carbon Action", the Real Estate Chamber of Commerce of the All-China Federation of Industry and Commerce will cooperate with UN-Habitat and integrate more advanced green and low-carbon technologies from abroad to provide Chinese enterprises with more in-depth project services, so as to actively To promote the historic development of China's green and low-carbon real estate industry. Since 2004, the Real Estate Chamber of Commerce of the All-China Federation of Industry and Commerce has been committed to the promotion of "green ecological settlements". The "Technical Evaluation Manual of China's Green Ecological Residential Areas" has become the industry standard of China's eco-housing after the revision of 4 editions in the past 10 years. It covers 30 cities in 18 provinces across the country, with a total construction area of more than 18 million square meters. On November 28, 2009, the All-China Federation of Industry and Commerce Real Estate Chamber of Commerce and Jingrui (China) Real Estate Research Institute jointly officially released the Chinese and English global version of the "China Green and Low-Carbon Residential Carbon Reduction Technology Evaluation Framework System", which is currently the first in China. "Low-Carbon Residential Standards" system. Abu Dhabi, the capital of the United Arab Emirates in western Asia, not only has the world-famous eight-star Palace Hotel, but also the world's first zero-carbon city, known as a "green city". Today, Abu Dhabi's allure is increasing day by day, and it is Abu Dhabi's capital injection that saves Dubai at a time of Dubai's property market crisis. In this context, the "UN-Habitat Sustainable Development World Green and Low-Carbon Strategy Summit" Forum will be held in Abu Dhabi on September 23, 2010, aiming to discuss the technical application and cooperation mechanism of global green and low-carbon products. Conduct extensive dialogues and exchanges to form a green and low-carbon global industrial cooperation mechanism, and will issue the "United Nations HBA-2010 (China) Model Award" global honorary award to winning companies. Time: September 23, 2010 Venue: Abu Dhabi 10:00-12:30 Opening Ceremony Speaker: Christina, Head of Private Sector, UN-Habitat Speaker: Nicholas, Chairman of the UN World Cities Campaign Committee Guest: Nie Meisheng, Chairman of All-China Federation of Industry and Commerce Real Estate Chamber of Commerce 12:30-13:30 Business Lunch 13:30-14:00 Keynote Speech 14:00-16:00 Special Forum Special Forum 1: Green and Low-Carbon Buildings and Sustainable Development Topic: 2010 Green and Low-Carbon Market Trends in Developing Countries Special Forum II: Global Green and Low-Carbon Cooperation Mechanism Topic: How to Solve the Cost Design and Commercial Value of Green and Low-Carbon Buildings Policy Orientation Special Forum III: Technical Application and Cooperation of Green and Low-Carbon Buildings Topic: Marketing and Competitive Advantages of Green and Low-Carbon Buildings 17:30-20:30 "China Glory to the World" - United Nations HBA-2010 (China) Example Awards Dinner (Note: The above times are local time in Abu Dhabi, and the specific schedule is subject to the notice of departure.) I want to comment