Space to save the Hubble mission revealed: thousands of people work together Space performs the heavy task of repairing the "Hubble" space telescope. This will be the last time NASA sends astronauts to repair Hubble, and it will be the 30th flight of the 23-year-old Atlantis. Repairing Hubble was the most talked-about topic at NASA this year, a mission that eclipsed even the expansion of the International Space Station. Indeed, what Hubble has achieved is astonishing: with its help, scientists estimate that the universe is 14 billion years old. Hubble discovered how galaxies formed, and was the first telescope to look back in time to show baby galaxies. This will be a thrilling space adventure. At that time, "Atlantis" went to space to perform maintenance tasks, and another space shuttle was on standby. Once the "Atlantis" is in distress, the standby plane will go to rescue. In order to ensure the smooth progress of the mission, NASA has begun preparations, and strives to be foolproof. Although a space shuttle launch may seem like a regular occurrence, preparing for the launch and executing the mission takes months and requires the concerted efforts of thousands of people to ensure that this aging, complex system is in ideal condition for implementation launch mission. Below are some photos of the scene in preparation for the launch mission, STS-125. 1. One of the main engines of Atlantis One of the three main engines of the space shuttle Atlantis, transported to NASA's Kennedy Space Center Orbiter Processing Plant Workshop 1, in preparation for installation on June 10, 2008. "Atlantis" is the space shuttle designated to carry out the STS-125 mission, the purpose of which is to repair the Hubble Space Telescope. 2. Commissioning Space Shuttle Engines Commissioning Space Shuttle Engines On June 11, 2008, technicians at NASA Kennedy Space Center's Orbiter Processing Plant Workshop 1 debug the operation of one of the three main engines that are about to be Installed on the space shuttle "Atlantis". According to the plan, "Atlantis" will be launched on October 8. 3. Transporting the outer fuel tank of the space shuttle On July 15, 2008, the "Pegasus" transport vehicle carried the outer fuel tank of the "Atlantis" space shuttle and towed it into the United States A bay at Launch Site 39 at NASA's Kennedy Space Center. This outer fuel tank will be unloaded here for delivery to the shuttle assembly facility. After entering the assembly room, it is erected vertically, raised, and then transferred into an inspection room. 4. Preparing to unload the Space Shuttle Outer Fuel Tank Preparing to unload the Space Shuttle Outer Fuel Tank July 15, 2008 at Launch Complex 39 at NASA's Kennedy Space Center in California, on its way to the Hubble Space Telescope for the "STS-125 mission" The outer fuel tank of the space shuttle Atlantis is ready and waiting to be unloaded from the Pegasus transporter. The next stop it's going to is the shuttle assembly room, where it's erected vertically, raised, and transferred to an inspection room inside the cave-like building.