North American Box Office Roundup: 'Fool's Gold' is making gold every day (with photos) This Week's Roundup The title of box office champion, but only relying on the largest number of theaters to defeat the opponent's "Welcome Home Roscoe Jenkins" (Welcome Home Roscoe Jenkins) The transcript can only be regarded as unsatisfactory, especially for the starring cast with extraordinary commercial value, it can be said to be quite At six or seventy points. Last week's No. 1 winner "Millie's Concert Documentary" still maintains a high "per mu yield" of around US$15,300 per pavilion, but due to the small number of 3D theaters and the inability to expand the screening area, it was forced to retreat to the third spot, 66.2% The next week's decline is comparable to that of "Clover Field", which created another box office phenomenon at the beginning of the year. This weekend, the top 12 totaled about $91.49 million, and the North American market fell 10 percent. Although the cumulative annual output value of $1.12 billion so far is still an increase of 16.6% compared to the best record in history, it is compared to the market when the two protagonists of "Love Becomes Gold" collaborated five years ago when "Ten Days Lost a Lang" topped the list. The historical performance of 102 million US dollars in the same period is obviously a certain regression. Next week, the North American box office will usher in the President's Day "Friday, Saturday, Sunday, and Monday" (commonly known as "Valentine's Day"). At that time, I will follow the old rules and only count Friday and Saturday. , Japan's box office, please don't ask the four-day figures why the three-day statistics are wrong. Given that such a joke had been made during the four-day break of "Martin Luther King Day" in early January, it's better to get the vaccine ready this time. The "2008 Oscar Front" series will continue to round up the best picture calls for the "traditional, tough, righteous" Michael Clayton (directed by Tony Gilroy), ahead of the final voting session Gradually rising..." various important news (rumours...!?). Bi Chenggong (blog)/Text