The Wizards' most low-key man scored 17 points at halftime and played 24 minutes in Stockton. The points come from the first half. Hinrich was born in the golden generation in 2003. He was the No. 7 pick in the first round of that year. He was the core point guard of the Bulls. In the 2006-2007 season, Hinrich averaged 16.6 points and 6.3 assists per game. The scoring data is 13.4 points per game. After the Bulls selected Ross, Hinrich took a back seat to help the 2008 No. 1 pick with peace of mind, and once transformed into a starting point guard for the Bulls. After coming to the Wizards, Hinrich played the same role in the later period of the Bulls, assisting Wall to grow and serving as a shooting guard, but the number of shots was greatly reduced. The Wizards got off to a bad start today. They were led 13-9 by the Cavaliers. Wizards coach Saunders requested a suspension. After the restart of the game, the Wizards changed the possession of the ball to Hinrich and organized the half-court offense. McGee and Hinrich cooperated in a pick-and-roll and then went down. The ball was not handed over to McGee for the first time. Hinrich first passed to Bleiqie, who was standing at 45 degrees, and the latter raced to the inside. McGee caused the opponent Foul, one of two free throws, followed by an attack, Hinrich passed directly to McKeeqiang and scored two points. At 4 minutes and 32 seconds, Hinrich made a three-pointer to help the Wizards narrow the difference to only 2 points. After the timeout, Hinrich served as the team's playmaker and received good results. Thornton beat Moon. After making a foul and hitting two free throws, the Wizards have tied the score at 17. Among the Wizards' five starters, Hinrich has the longest experience in the NBA and is the most experienced, but he is the most low-key player among the five. Averaged 8.8 points per game; concentrated on playing the ball for his teammates, strictly implemented the coach's deployment, and sent out the second most assists in the team with 4.3 assists. In the second quarter, the Wizards’ offense was frequently blocked, and they were 11 points behind the Cavaliers. He scored 8 points in a row and scored 17 points on 6 of 8 shots in the first half. His performance can be described as perfect: teammates pass the ball when they have a good chance, and take over the game in times of crisis, quite like John Stockton back then. But in the second half, Sanders did not let Hinrich take more control of the game. He once again became a short spot-up shooter and was easily locked by Jamario Moon and Anthony Parker, who had a height advantage. (Grass Head King)