Residential buildings are easy to embody the traditional and natural Chinese charm For a long time we have considered the topic, which is relatively a historical issue. Suddenly there is a revival of Chinese traditional architecture in the Chinese style. This topic is very new, and I just want to see what the designers are doing. There is indeed something to gain from today! Next, I saw that the designer has made a lot of efforts in the continuation and regeneration of traditional Chinese culture, and I feel very happy. We don't make any comments on the design itself, I just want to talk about some ideas. First of all, the question about Chinese architecture just discussed, why do houses have more traditional forms. First of all, I will talk about the concept of Chinese architecture. Although it has not been widely used, I think there should be such a concept. Why? Because I have seen Mr. Pei mentioned in a letter to Mr. Wu that he hopes to make the Suzhou Museum into the concept of China and New, China and Suzhou. He is Chinese and new, new is modern, and Chinese is Suzhou. I think there is a Chinese concept in the concept of world-class architects. In my understanding, not to mention China in our traditions, but in contemporary creation, it is possible to make Chinese things, and there is a call from such a society and the times. And what is doing better so far is Mr. Pei. But now these attempts, I think they are all good, he is trying. Because I often tell my classmates in class, we often talk about the shameful point, there are not many things that can be explained in the most glorious 30 years of Chinese architecture, including the creation that can attract the attention of the world, or can make us The expression of Chinese culture is relatively clear. So at this point, these attempts are very valuable. Besides, why do I say that I believe that there may be some things that can be done in the Chinese style in the house. Because I don't advocate simply imitating or talking about ancient things online. Each of our eras should have something of its own era, but a new concept among world architects is localism, which is to express local culture. The architecture of culture is most likely regionalism. In residential construction, he has the most contact with people's daily life, and is most likely to integrate with tradition and culture. And I have also noticed this phenomenon. I don’t know if you have noticed. The residential buildings in the world are the most popular. If you go to Europe or the United States, the villas of masters will always be very rare and not widely accepted. , he is just a personal work, and even if he makes it, no one follows him. The houses that ordinary people buy are basically what? Victorian, with a bit more of Tomhouse. Go to the American suburbs, there is no very modern villa, he is just a broken roof with some local American decorations. Residential construction is most relevant to people's lives, and it also has the most local flavor in terms of people's emotions. So, this kind of villa is possible to continue and explore a traditional Chinese thing. So I think what I see today, especially what Hua Tai has done, is very interesting and reflects the spirit of the Chinese people. I basically feel very much looking forward to such a judgment. Regarding the issue of ideas, just now, President Li mentioned the concept of the Chinese people, and he mentioned a standard of ideas about the Chinese people, which is the unity of nature and man. I just mentioned it as a discussion. In fact, it has been said in my class, but the scope is too narrow. This is how the Chinese concept of the unity of man and nature was hyped up. Then he said, we Chinese have been in harmony with man and nature since ancient times. In fact, I am here to tell you very seriously that this concept is a pseudo-concept. When did the concept of the unity of man and nature come into being? When many people write books, they say that it was proposed by Confucius. no. The first one who proposed it was a Confucianist named Zhang Zhan. He put forward this point of view that success is due to fame, and success is due to success. This is the same view of the unity of God and man. The most sacred state of religion is that you can achieve your goals if you become one with God. This concept needs to be analyzed, but it does not rule out that Chinese people like nature, and Chinese people like nature very much. But where does he like to be? It's not exactly what Confucianism is. Confucius said, it is better to wander in the ocean and return to nature if the Tao cannot be followed. Most typically, he discussed the future with a few disciples, and several of his disciples said what you want to do in the future, saying that I want to manage the soldiers of a thousand troops and enrich the country and strengthen the soldiers. He also said that I want to enrich the country and strengthen the people, and take good care of the people's lives. Another apprentice said that I wanted to be prime minister and govern the country. Another disciple said that I wanted to take a few friends to take a bath in the rain, the wind was unstoppable, and singing was walking back happily. When the first few disciples were talking, Confucius just smiled. When the last disciple said it, Confucius said that I very much agree with your point of view, which shows that Confucius yearns for something natural. On the one hand, Chinese people are also very close to nature. This kind of closeness to nature and the society at that time, wandering in the mountains and do not know when they do not want to come back, they are willing to linger in the mountains, this is the yearning for nature. Slowly continuing to life, there is a kind of love of nature in Chinese culture. For example, from the early days of modern times, the thinking began recently, and the love for the wild and the mountains and forests. Mencius was the first to recall that he did not like the mentality of modern people's life. He said that a family should have a house, five acres in size, with some mulberry trees and dogs, so that he can be self-sufficient. People yearn for living in a high-pressure environment, and only in the Ming and Qing dynasties did the creation of the literati garden. People took the initiative to get close and close to nature, which became a mentality and a concept. At this time, Chinese talents It can be said actively that my subjective consciousness should integrate nature into it. The original yard was economical. If you had mulberry trees, you could raise silkworms, and if you raised silkworms, you could weave cloth. Squeezed by society, he wants to escape from reality, so we are no less than the modern concept of so-called harmony between man and nature, to condescend the ancients. It is true that young minds, the population has gradually expanded, with courtyards, large and ordinary courtyards, only economic strength can create their own small world, and they like to store landscapes in their own small environment. This is actually a kind of cultural accomplishment, a kind of intellectual, a kind of taste and hobby of literati. Of course, I have no objection to Chinese people having core ideas and can go this way, but where are the core ideas of the Chinese people? I'll cite one word for harmony, the union of harmony and not oneness. This was mentioned earlier than the concept of the unity of man and nature. It is precisely the harmony between man and man, and the harmony between man and man. Whether it is heaven, all things, or all directions, all come to congratulate the emperor. At this time, heaven and harmony are such a thought. In the unity of heaven and man, the sky is just something like a god, and man is a cultivator, the emperor. For example, Emperor Kangxi was in harmony with man and nature. Once he was in one mind, he could be very sincere to ask for rain, but it rained. There are articles like this. This is the original intention of proving the real harmony between man and nature. I put forward this concept here, not to criticize Xu's concept, because the online speculation is not a single person, but a group of literati. In general, there are more people, but when we really look into it, we find that there are too many untenable. So let me make a rationale by the way, the highest aspect of China is harmony, which is the highest method. This courtyard also represents a view of harmony. In fact, does this courtyard have a kind of nature? Naturally, it is for the balance of yin and yang. It's just that people are planting trees, raising fish, and raising birds. They are very ecological. Now they advocate nature. They feel that Chinese culture is too high, and it is much higher than Westerners. This is a speculation that there is a modern return. not real existence. What I want to say is that, on the one hand, we need to learn and understand the thinking of the ancients, and on the other hand, we need to simplify it. At the same time, I am also in favor of how the traditional Chinese things are going now, especially in the cultural world, there are many things that can be done. And I really agree with Mr. Xu's approach. It's not about the form, it's not about making a big roof, building up momentum, and painting in color. Now I think the Expo was unsuccessful, too symbolic, too discordant. It is precisely the very domineering boss who claims to be something that is not a manifestation of Chinese culture. Thanks! Xu Jianwei, chairman of Huatai Design, I still have a big gap with Professor Wang in terms of design. I do more practical things. The professor has a deep research on history and other aspects. I think I still agree with it very much. . Including the source of the unity of nature and man, whether it is in today's society or people talk about it, people take this word as harmony with nature. It may be more about how Chinese people harmonize human behavior with nature. As a word, at least we think so, without researching where the word comes from and what it is. mean. I have always felt that, whether it is a courtyard or a courtyard, it was the earliest that he was asked to do, or a living environment for people. Growing melons, vegetables, and even some plants may be the earliest primitive beginning. But I think that later, they regarded it as a kind of culture, such as Jiangnan gardens, and even Huizhou architecture. The common people felt that they needed to communicate with the outdoors, nature, and even an artificial way of communication. I think this may be a It was later used as a feature. I believe that the Chinese people, for example, have built a house in history, and there is no problem with building two or three floors. Our Hall of Supreme Harmony is lower than ours. The Hall of Supreme Harmony has a city wall, so there is no problem technically, but why didn't everyone build it, why is it still a one-story courtyard. In other words, the whole area is also quite large. The whole area adds up to a very large area. Why did he not make a palace like in the West, and he could make many layers. It must be in this that there will be a different understanding of living and philosophy of life. So he will cut it apart and make one by stacking it up. This does not mean that the Chinese cannot make two or three-story buildings. This fact proves that, including the return of the West to nature, is actually still trying. Why is it a pity? I feel that many young people have never lived in this kind of house. Because when I was a child, I lived in a big mansion. Of course, it was a big mansion at that time. It was a wealthy home with a back garden and a front well. inside. But I feel that the life I enjoy will be much happier for my son, because we have a pond and plant trees in the back garden. The trees are very big. We often play there. In summer, we sleep against the bamboo beds in the courtyard. I just feel that my childhood was much happier. But how do we find something, his essence, how to realize it in our new program. Including a recent project in Shanghai, it is also a Chinese-style building. Because Chinese families are getting smaller and smaller, unlike in the past, the more the better, the eldest, the second, and the third. How to consider the miniaturized society now, for example, four households with one public space. China's old eldest, second and third children integrated it. Although they are in different families, there is a hope that they can have a semi-private group space. This is also a discussion on how to attract a development now. . I think this piece is indeed trying to do something, which is completely different from the West. Thanks! i want to comment