Real estate investment experts commented on where to buy a house in Beijing to make the most money To provide us with such a place, today's scene already has a Christmas atmosphere. I believe that after listening to Mr. Xu's introduction, you will have some questions about real estate. The next time will be left for Mr. Xu to interact with the guests at the scene. I wonder if you have any questions about real estate investment now, you can ask them. ? Question: How about investing in the South Second and Third Ring Roads? A friend of mine planned with me two days ago. The Lize business district has just completed the land plot planning. This concept will mature in at least ten years. Is this property worth buying? If the same investment, is it other growth? More, as far as this project or region is concerned, I do not recommend investing in the South Second Ring Road. Question: What about Haidian District? Xu Donghua: The investment in Haidian is like this. The most important thing is that there is no project. If you want to invest, follow the best concept of Haidian is the school district project. Question: How about Houshayu in Shunyi? Question: Are there any recommended projects? Xu Donghua: The recently launched projects are all good, because even the local developers in Shunyi do not have a small development scale, and the ones developed in films are worth recommending, but I don’t have their current prices, so I have no way to accurately point to a property. Question: One thousand five or six. Xu Donghua: The price is still worth it. The recent projects have been launched in the renovation of old villages, and they may be launched in the future. Question: Invest in a house or a villa? Xu Donghua: This is divided into two aspects. The first is the question of investing in high-end or low-end. What is high-end? It is a courtyard house. It is still a classic for a hundred years, but now many projects are not classic after ten years. If you invest in a villa, everyone says that the villa is scarce, but the so-called villa garden is not called a villa if it is less than 3,000 square meters. Otherwise, buy a big one, and don’t invest too small. For example, there are some villa projects in Haidian, or so-called detached house projects, which can be raised for a few years, but the current position is a bit high, and you can invest, but you need to Look, you are purely selling it for a few years, and such a need to change hands is still possible, depending on the equipment of the entire asset. Nowadays, many villas cannot be called villas. The most important high-end project has a risk of gambling on the property. There is a project in Yizhuang. There are only a few families in the whole community. It was because of the later property problems that the concept was hyped up at that time. , now has no value. If your real estate is sold within three or four years, I still recommend you to invest in residential housing. The room for housing growth will still be very fast. In 2010, it should be said that the first half of the year will be under control, but at the end of the year, the bank will take For credit tasks, credit will definitely be loosened at the end of the year, and it will be tightened at the end of the year. You will see that housing prices will be like this in the future, and there will definitely be a curve. This is inevitable, and everyone is used to it after so many years. Question: Does Yizhuang still have investment value? Xu Donghua: Yes, not only because of the price increase, but also because of renting and selling. Majuqiao can’t be called Yizhuang. That’s because developers are speculating on the concept. Question: Where is the Maju Bridge? Xu Donghua: In that place, everyone just said that the house price is low. The employees of the company who are really in Yizhuang are not willing to go there. Question: What about the office building project? Xu Donghua: When it comes to real estate investment, the most important thing is a matter of feeling. If you think the house is doing very well, many people must agree with you, and there is still room for this house to change hands in the future. Question: Now I want to buy a second-hand Jiuxianqiao area, and now I want to sell Xu Donghua: For my own living or for investment? Question: Self-occupation plus investment? Xu Donghua: If this is the case, I suggest you consider Jiuxianqiao. Jiuxianqiao is a process of major demolition and renovation. After demolition, it means a process of regional reconstruction. Moderator: Thank you Mr. Xu, very sincere, and thank you very much for coming to this venue despite the low temperature of minus ten degrees. I also hope that you will continue to pay attention to the various activities of Sina Leju. Where will we be in the next stop? , When the time comes, He will inform you through the Internet. Thank you very much for coming. Today's event is over, thank you all! (This event ends here) I want to comment