Although the game axis challenged the Alienware DotA championship, the world's top e-sports event WCG, which made tens of thousands of Warcraft fans crazy, came to an end in Chengdu. But the Alienware DotA Professional League, another top eSports DOTA event, has already kicked off. Does everyone as a non-professional gamer get emotional when watching the exciting games and the ingenious tactics of the pro players? A few days ago, the second season of Game Axis DotA Grassroots Challenge, co-hosted by the well-known domestic IT vertical information portal website Bear Online (www.beareyes.com.cn) and its subsidiary Game Axis (www.gameaxis.com.cn), is about to be exciting Start the game, the winning champion can challenge the AlienwareDotA professional league championship. It is hoped that while providing a competitive platform for non-professional players, the competition will strive to promote the DotA sport to a wider group of players and bring more revolutionary influence to e-sports. The second season of the game Axis Cup DotA Challenge has now begun to accept team registrations. What are the non-professional players with itchy palms waiting for? Come and join us! The final champion of this competition will also be eligible for the challenge of the final champion of the Alienware DotA professional league organized by GTV. Maybe the LODA God is waiting for you there! The registration method is very simple. Please organize the team introduction, team leader contact information and other information, and then reply to the post, and join the official QQ group of the event. After the organizing committee confirms, you can participate. Game name: Season 2 Game Axis Cup DotA Challenge Game Version: Warcraft 3: The Frozen Throne Version 1.24 Game Map: DotAAllstars v6.64 Chinese Version Competition Environment: VS Game Platform, Game Axis DOTA League Room Match Time : December 19, 2009 - December 30, 2009 Registration method: Team leader Registration Deadline: December 16, 2009 QQ group number: 14607877 Registration address: http://bbs.3qu.com/read.php?tid= 69829 Competition area: http://www.gameaxis.com.cn/2009/1202/80940.html