Demystifying Li Mi, the new anchor of China Film Report: a talented woman from a stick The "China Film Report (blog)" column welcomes new anchor Li Mi. She will form a "tender triangle" with Jingwei (blog) and Yaomiao (blog). The three beautiful anchors will work together to create the most professional and The authoritative daily broadcast column of movie information. Li Mi is a college student who has just graduated from the Broadcasting and Hosting Department. Li Mi is also the school flower of Communication University of China. Li Mi is also the runner-up winner of the 5th CCTV TV Host Contest. It seems that God has given special favor to Li Mi, not only gave her a beautiful appearance, but also gave her a wise mind, making her a girl who is envied by everyone. But all the gains come from hard work, and Li Mi is no exception. She said: "My good grades and easy-going personality are the results of 'stick education'." More than 600 times, as the name suggests, the first encounter It is hard for Li Mi's people to imagine that such a weak, slender and warm woman could have experienced the strict and almost harsh education of her parents during her childhood. The sweet-looking Li Mi seems to be out of tune with sports, but after learning about Li Mi's tough and unyielding character in her bones, you will find that such a character is the result of the subtle influence of her parents who are engaged in physical education. Li Mi grew up in Fujian Province, a province with beautiful scenery and outstanding people. Both of her parents used to be athletes in the provincial sports team. Therefore, Li Mi spent the first 18 years of her life in the compound of the Provincial Sports Team. There are many more boys than girls in the compound, and Li Mi's playmates in her childhood were naturally mostly boys, which also created Li Mi's naughty, naughty, and slightly boyish character when she was a child. It's just this silly, playful personality that makes Li Mi suffer a lot. Like all the parents in the world, Li Mi's parents also have a typical "hope for a girl to become a phoenix", but this kind of "prosperity" does not only refer to Li Mi's study, but also the self-cultivation reflected in her speech and behavior. . When Li Mi was less than 10 years old, an aunt from a neighbor's house came to Li Mi's house as a guest, "Before leaving, my parents and I took this aunt out together, and I slammed it without thinking. Close the door. When my mother saw it, she said, you should see the guest to the corner of the stairs where you can't see it, then gently close the door, and then let me go to the wall and think about it." Recalling the strict education of his parents , Li Mi is still fresh in her memory. In fact, this kind of face-to-face thought that Li Mi had experienced too many times in the six years of elementary school. Now, in retrospect, it was almost twice a week on average, and every time she faced the wall, she had to "match" several times to review, etc. After the mother "reviewed", she thought that Li Mi's review was deep enough to lift the punishment.