Internet Rehabilitation Center Electric Shock to Treat Internet Addiction: Those who violate Article 86 will be subject to electric shock Investigation: Is it appropriate to use electric shock therapy to treat Internet addiction? This kind of change, after 3 years of operation, the internal harmonious atmosphere of the network ring center has become a grand view. All new entrants must be worthy of this harmony. Our reporter Yang Xiao sent from Room 13, Linyi, Shandong. Everything must start from Room 13. The room is not big, there is a small black bed in the innermost position by the window, and the soundproof wall was repaired later. Before the "treatment" begins, the door will be closed and parents will not be allowed inside. At the head of the bed was a device the size of two palms. Kou and several other equally strong "receptionists", yes, they called receptionists, who were responsible for holding the newcomer's legs, feet and shoulders. Then the doctor turned on the device and the treatment began. When the instrument is powered on, it has amazing power. When its two blue tails touch the newcomer's temple, Kou always has to use more force to ensure that the newcomer does not roll off the bed. Most of the newcomers gave in quickly. They described the feeling as "a million needles passed through their heads." Some had stiff necks, and they refused to admit that they had a disease called "Internet addiction" after a few rounds. Kou knew that resistance was futile. Sometimes, he would secretly say to the newcomer in advance: "Don't resist for a while, just follow the doctor's advice, and survive first no matter what you do." He himself used to be the most fierce resister. One day in July 2008, he was also pressed on the treatment bed like this. This freshman boy who likes sports is 1.85 meters tall and weighs 100 kilograms. Room 13 dispatched 8 "receptionists" to subdue him. The two blue tails attacked his hand first. In Room 13, the electric hand is a more severe "treatment" than the electric head. "It's really worse than death. To be honest, don't laugh. I peeed my pants... My muscles are out of control, I didn't pull it. The pants are fine." I don't know how long the power went on, but he was "completely overwhelmed". When he walked out of Room 13, he saw his father and burst into tears. But he didn't dare to explain. He remembered the words of the doctor who operated the equipment: "You are addicted to the Internet, go out and admit your mistake to your father immediately, and consciously tell him that you want to stay to see a doctor." An "ally" of the Internet Addiction Rehabilitation Center of the Fourth People's Hospital, and after more than 20 days, he was named a cadre because of his "outstanding performance". The entrance of Room 13 reads in both Chinese and English: Say goodbye to Internet addiction and rebuild yourself. The full name of Uncle Yang's Internet Rehabilitation Center is "China Yang Yongxin Internet Addiction Rehabilitation Center". Yang Yongxin, a native of Linyi, born in 1962, has worked in the Fourth People's Hospital (formerly known as Linyi Mental Hospital) for more than 20 years, specializing in mental health. On the official website of the Fourth Hospital, Yang Yongxin is not only a psychologist who keeps up with the changing seasons (visiting psychological colds at the end of the year, and emotional colds in spring, etc.), but also a follower and solver of hot social issues (visiting anxiety about college entrance examinations) , students enter the Internet cafe with caution during holidays, shy roses look forward to blooming, etc.). At the beginning of 2006, Yang Yongxin established an online rehabilitation center and began to explore a set of "psychological + drug + physical + industrial entertainment" rehabilitation model. So far, more than 3,000 people have received treatment here. The Wangji Center is adjacent to the Fourth Courtyard, occupying the second to fourth floors of a small independent building. It is not far from the building where the fourth hospital treats mentally ill patients, and there are guards at the gate and on the second floor. There is a "warning line" about 3 tiles away from the exit on the second floor. Stepping on the line without permission is a dangerous move, which means that you may be pulled directly into Room 13. Yang Yongxin has established enough authority here, and both children and parents will respectfully call him "Uncle Yang". A parent who claims to be a representative of the Provincial People's Congress and the owner of a large factory in a certain city is no exception. When going out, let Uncle Yang go first. To speak, wait for Uncle Yang to signal. A book called "Battle Net Demon" describes the psychological state of parents: "This is not a simple question of title, but represents a kind of psychology, a kind of emotion, a kind of need, a kind of respect, a kind of An irresistible spiritual sustenance." Most of the children were kidnapped or deceived, and the Internet Warning Center also has a "special squad" composed of allies like Kou, who are responsible for "catching people" in local Internet cafes in Linyi - if They get parental permission. The parent committee is different from other similar institutions. The Internet Ring Center requires parents to accompany their children throughout the whole process, eat, live, and attend classes with their children, and has established a system called a "parent committee." In Yang Yongxin's description, this is a pioneering effort to resolve the contradiction between doctors and patients. "The family committee is heaven." He repeated this sentence many times, "We are just servants." The family committee is considered to represent the interests of the parents. Before the child is admitted to the hospital, the family committee, as Party A, will sign an "agreement" with the parents of Party B. In the agreement, Party B must ensure that a relatively full course of treatment is achieved in accordance with the policy of "trust, cooperation, and persistence". That is, the child's hospitalization time is not less than 3 months. If Party B has any objection to the treatment, it can ask Party A to negotiate and resolve it. In a nutshell, the family committee system has allowed the Net Ring Center to achieve formal "autonomy". Parents are not allowed to talk about the effect of treatment in private. If they question Uncle Yang’s treatment method, they are told not to raise it in front of the child. Once their attitude is noticed by the child, it will be difficult for the treatment to continue effectively. It's what they don't want to see. "Our family committee mainly communicates with the hospital and parents, so that children can see a kind of harmony, not a dark side." The director of a certain family committee said, "Sellers of melons will of course not say that they are bitter, but by For us (Gua Tian) is more suitable." Few parents openly expressed doubts, "Why do you have to raise objections? Our fundamental interests (for the good of the children) are the same." When talking about the role of the family committee , said one parent who has left. In fact, it is not that the family committee does not "give opinions". Once, they suggested that the desks and chairs in the online ring center are a bit old and should be replaced. The Net Ring Center humbly accepted the opinions and replaced the desks and chairs, and the family committee was very satisfied. Allies will be searched before entering room 13. After becoming an ally, you must hand in your mobile phone, MP3, game account number and password, as well as QQ password and password protection, and become a person without privacy. The Internet Addiction Center will send you a list of 86 behaviors that could lead to you being "cash-pasted" (referring to electrotherapy, parents don't know where the term came from), and since then you can't eat chocolate , can't drink beverages, can't drink tea, can't go to the toilet and lock the door, can't talk about treatment, can't touch RMB, can't have a good impression on allies of the opposite sex, can't be "self-conscious", can't be obsessed with the past. In addition to running exercises in the morning and "seeing nature" on Sundays, your activity space is only the corridor on the third floor and your own small room. Generally, four families live in the small room. A discharged ally said you have a dozen pairs of eyes staring at you wherever you go. You can't "speak wrong," you can't call "treatment" a "shock," just as you can't call "reporting" a "sniff." Uncle Yang has already affirmed the "reporting". Only by not letting go of the smallest flaws and mistakes can Internet addiction be cured faster. The parental accompaniment system has played its due role. They get along day and night, and they watch out for each other. If the child is reported, he may have to enter the 13th. If the parent is reported, he will be "circled" by the class committee, adding 10 yuan each time. A girl named Ziwei angered her father because she refused to wash the dishes. Using the language here, the two "had different degrees of emotionality" in the small room - emotions are not allowed - Ziwei's father wanted to report his daughter, but the daughter caught the father's emotional handle, and the father didn't want to be "circled", so a "serious" compromise occurred. This "exposure" was later named the "crape myrtle phenomenon", and allies were asked to comment on it. An ally said: "When I first came here, I was afraid of being reported, but now I understand that reporting is the beginning of real change. If there is no problem and it is not reported, what else can we change? If no problem is found, That just shows that I haven't really started to change!" _COUNT_ people have already commented I want to comment