U.S. Embassy: U.S. Visa Application Form Instructions Visa Application Form Before the visa interview, all applicants must complete the DS-156 electronic visa application form. All applicants over the age of 16 are also required to complete the DS-157 visa application form. In addition, all applicants for F (student), J (exchange visitor) and M (vocational and technical training student) visa applicants and family visa applicants (F-2, J-2 and M-2) must also complete the DS- 158 visa application form. The DS-156 Nonimmigrant Electronic Visa Application Form must be completed online. After completing the form, please print out the entire application form and submit it on the day of your visa interview (including page 3 with barcode). In addition, please attach a 2-inch (5X5 cm) square color photo on the DS-156 form, which must be a front-facing color photo with a white background taken within 6 months. Please click the link to view specific photo requirements. The DS-157 Nonimmigrant Visa Supplemental Information Application form can be downloaded from this webpage. Please use your computer to type your answer in the space below each item and print out the completed form. You do not need to fill out another Chinese DS-157 form, but if you need a Chinese translation of this form to help you fill out the English form, please click here. (Please note: 1. Chinese applicants should fill in their full names in Chinese when filling in the third item of Form DS-157 (Full Name in Native Alphabet). 2. Chinese applicants must also provide the 5th, 6th, 7th, 12th items of this form. and the Chinese information of item 17. 3. H1 and L1 visa applicants who have children must write each child's name, gender and nationality in the upper right blank of the DS-157 form each time.) DS-158 Non- Immigrant visa applicants' contact information and work experience questionnaire are only required for all applicants for student visa (F), exchange visitor visa (J), vocational and technical training student visa (M) and family visit visas (F2, J2 and M2 visas) the applicant fills in. Please use your computer to type your answer in the space below each item and print out the completed form. You do not need to fill out another Chinese DS-158 form, but if you need a Chinese translation of this form to help you fill out the English form, please click here. For other US visa application forms, such as DS-156E, DS-156K or DS-2013, please click here. Finally, if your previous visa application has undergone special administrative processing or you have a technical background, please submit a detailed CV with your visa application. The content of your resume should include your educational background at or above the university, such as graduate institutions, degrees obtained, research, projects, and published articles. The resume should also include your work background, such as the units you have worked for, the specific positions and contents in each unit, the projects you have done and the articles you have published in your work, etc.