No detours: Prospective international students listen to what their brothers and sisters have to say Help high school students recognize reality, evaluate themselves, define goals, and work hard for them. As the unveiling of the event, the Beijing Railway Station was highly valued by the China-US Talent Alliance. It is understood that the national lecture tour will be held in 20 cities including Shanghai, Wuhan, Harbin, Taiyuan, Guangzhou, Zhengzhou, Shenzhen and Hong Kong. At the meeting, Feng Fan, the founder and chairman of the China-US Talent Alliance, first introduced the specific situation of the China-US Talent Alliance to the students. It is a public welfare student alliance dedicated to solving problems for high school students who are interested in studying abroad. , so that more high school students in China have a real understanding of American life before going abroad, so as to avoid detours after going abroad. Secondly, I shared the content and planning of the national tour with my classmates. Excellent international students who have returned from studying abroad and the top college entrance examination champions in China will show their opinions and share the details of the process of studying abroad and the college entrance examination, so that the students can have a good idea of the future. Good planning and preparation in advance. It is reported that the China-US Talent Alliance is a non-profit organization established by outstanding Chinese students from top American universities and liberal arts colleges such as Yale, Princeton, Columbia University, and Williams College. The academic and cultural exchanges between Chinese and American talents provide fresh information and practical help for Chinese students to enter American universities based on the rich life experience of American talents and the personal experience of being in a famous university. According to the actual situation of local high school teaching, adopt appropriate communication channels to help more students to the greatest extent possible, pay attention to the inner exchange of dreams, success, and social responsibility, get rid of the confused mentality of high school learning, and guide high school students to struggle direction. 2009 is the first year for the Dream Come True Talent Alliance to enter China. It mainly hosts student exchange meetings and American graduation balls. In addition to interactive exchanges, there will be new activities such as basketball games and literary competitions in the next year and the following year. The Talent Alliance is also actively contacting consultants (mostly professors from American universities) planning to come to China to help students solve their doubts at close range. At the same time, it helps members who join the alliance to contact and apply for internship opportunities in world-renowned multinational companies. After the event in Beijing, it will travel to 58 middle schools across the country to give lectures, infecting more Chinese students with the strength and enthusiasm of youth.