More than 400 dead zones in the ocean are spreading around the world Sina Technology News Beijing time on August 21, according to foreign media reports, scientists have recently discovered some "dead zones" in the ocean, and there is almost no life in these waters. Oxygen to survive. Now, "dead zones", like chronic diseases that spread throughout the body, are gradually expanding in the world's oceans and have become a global problem. "We have to figure out that hypoxia is not a local problem, but a global one that has serious consequences for ecosystems," said Robert J. Deltz of the Virginia Institute of Marine Science. "At the same time, the problem is growing. The more serious it is, it even begins to affect the marine resources that we humans use." Delze and Rutl Rosenberg wrote in the "Science" magazine published on the 15th that there are now more than 400 dead zones around the world. , double the figure the United Nations counted two years ago. "If left unchecked in the ocean, the crabs, the shrimp and the fish will all be gone," Delze said in an interview. "At that point, the dead zone will dominate unless we stop them in time." He said the recent deaths The zone is located in the southern hemisphere in regions such as South America, Africa and Asia. Some dead zones, located in low-oxygen regions, have existed for years and have only recently been discovered; others have actually formed recently. The algae that feed on pollutants starve other marine life of oxygen, resulting in most of the world's dead zones. Scientists put the main blame on the burning of fertilizers and other agricultural waste, sewage and fossil fuels. Attempts to bring waste back to pre-industrial levels are impractical, concludes Deltz and Rosenberg of the University of Gothenburg, Sweden. "Farmers don't do this on purpose. They'd rather put fertilizer on the land than dump it in the river," Delze said. He hopes that as fertilizers become more expensive, farmers will think hard about keeping them on the land. method above. Reports show new lows in Samish Bay in Puget Sound, Washington, Yacuina Bay in Oregon, shrimp farming ponds in Taiwan, the San Martin River in northern Spain and some bays in Norway, Deltz said. oxygen region. He said parts of New Zealand's Great Honour Bay had become hypoxic when the salmon cages appeared, but the cages were removed and returned to normal. "Recently, a dead zone was reported near the mouth of the Yangtze River in China. It may have been hypoxic since the 1950s, but we just didn't find it," Delze said. Some of the reports were first published in journals easily accessible to Western scientists. superior. Nancy N. Rabales, executive director of the Ocean Society of Louisiana University, said she was not surprised by the increase in dead zones. "There's more and more stories about this, and more stories about what's true," said Rabales, who was not involved in Delze's research. Previously, in industrialized countries with agribusiness, there were examples of land-feeding into rivers and oceans. There are similar things happening in developing countries today. When I visited South America in 1989, I was told that some big rivers have the same problem as the Mississippi. Today, many bays and coastal waters are forming dead zones. For those on Earth For the bays and coastal waters that have the most water, the increase in dead zones is a very troubling sign."