Record: Wang Zhonglei, Cao Baoping, Zhang Han and Wang Yanhui chat about "Li Mi" Hello everyone on Sina. Moderator: Explain to our netizens that our chat has already started. I don’t need to introduce it. Everyone has seen it and started chatting. What are we talking about? Today’s theme is “Li Mi’s Conjecture”. Listen. I don't have rice, I'll talk to the netizens. Sitting next to me is Cao Baoping, the director of "Li Mi's Conjecture", welcome. Cao Baoping: Hello everyone. Moderator: There is also Wang Zhonglei, the boss of Huayi Brothers, who we are very familiar with. Wang Zhonglei: Hello everyone on Sina.com. Host: And Wang Yanhui, the actor of "Li Mi's Conjecture". Wang Yanhui: Hello everyone. Moderator: I think it's very interesting to sit here. There is a girl and four big men. At first glance, I thought "Li Mi's Conjecture" was a man's play. Director Cao will introduce it to us. Tell us about this screening, because we know that it will be screened at the Film Academy on September 10, and the director will tell us about the wonderful highlights. Cao Baoping: A wonderful thing to watch is to watch a good story. Moderator: It's really concise. Does the director usually speak like this? Cao Baoping: Yes, because this is the case in class. You will be charged for how many words you speak. Wang Zhonglei: That should say more. Cao Baoping: It makes sense to say so. The standard of Huayi's film production depends on the market host: Then this time, "Li Mi's Conjecture" someone said that it is a model of young directors and stars. Will this model become a model for packaging young directors and medium-sized films? Wang Zhonglei: This script is very good. It is one of the very few in the movie. It is a commercial movie with rich content and layers. At the same time, the writer of the movie is the director himself. As for the format you said just now, it is true that our directors and producers watched a commercial screening of this specification or form together, whether it can exist, and whether the market can accept it, I think if the screening itself is accepted by the market, we will go to cast it. . Zhang Hanyu's role in "Li Mi" is named "Ye Qingcheng", deliberately creating a contrast. Host: There will be a grand premiere in Beijing tonight, and I will officially meet you. I believe everyone is looking forward to it. Cool Zhang Hanyu (blog) mood? Zhang Hanyu: I am in the same mood as the director and President Wang. It is a feeling of joy that a work can be met with the audience soon. Moderator: The mood for winning the Best Actor at the Baihua Film Festival was different just now. Zhang Hanyu: There are some differences. Moderator: It should be said that "Li Mi's Conjecture" was filmed after the filming of "Assembly ()". The police who just walked from the feeling of Guzidi to a small place, what kind of identity change was this? of? Zhang Hanyu: It is to enter a new role. Host: The director's name is Te Qiongyao (blog), I think it's a pretty name. Wang Zhonglei: I think it is more Jin Yong (blog). Cao Baoping: Actually, he deliberately thought of a person who went backwards. Moderator: There is a special contrast. Cao Baoping: Yes, it is fun to think of such a tough man called Ye Qingcheng. Wang Zhonglei: It is recommended that the director use his original name in the future. This name is particularly good. Cao Baoping: Yes, and then you can add subtitles twice. In "Li Mi's Conjecture", they are all really fighting for the truth. The host: In the film, Zhang Hanyu, I heard that when I visited the class, the performance was particularly impactful, and Zhou Xun (listening to the song) was explosive, and they fought on the road The play is very, very impressive, so I asked netizens to ask, first of all, is it really a fight? Yeah? Cao Baoping: Ask me. Moderator: Just ask the director. Cao Baoping: All of us were real fights, including two fights with each other. In that fight, he even had a lot of walks, and he didn't clear the scene. He fought on the street and fell. Some are cut off at the back. Host: That scene was filmed at the time, because it was a candid filming, do you know that it was a candid filming? Zhang Hanyu: Of course I know, there is a courtyard where the director hides the machine, people on the street should go their way, and the cars on the street should guide you. But we set up our melon seed stand, so we definitely don't want to smash the real melon seeds seller. Moderator: Zhang Hanyu was not found? Cao Baoping: The time was very short, so I started filming right away, and then I quit. Moderator: Is there a lot like this? Cao Baoping: There are a lot of plays on the flyover. Moderator: Especially hope that there is such a real? Cao Baoping: There are many things that are uncontrollable and difficult to control. If you think about a street or a main road, it is very difficult for you to control a bridge, because even if you control the upper part, how to control the lower part cannot be said to be the main road. Moderator: I hope to create a feeling that everyone is watching on the street. Cao Baoping: Yes. Zhang Hanyu: This is a kind of creation that can inspire people more. I don’t think it is acting. It is a kind that can inspire actors, because actors are most afraid of saying that the performance is acting. So if you create this kind of atmosphere, you will feel special in your heart. Comfortable. "Li Mi" actor "non-professional" Zhang Hanyu: This is the highest rated host: I can understand now that the performance of the actors in "Li Mi" is very natural, like a non-professional actor. Zhang Hanyu: Yes, this is the highest evaluation for an actor. Moderator: Not like an actor. Zhang Hanyu: Yes, an actor cannot be said to be an actor at first glance. This sentence is actually derogatory. If this is a scolding, then it will fail, and it will fail completely. You don’t have to do it as an actor. You didn't see that he was acting, this is good, special. Moderator: I remember that when I chatted with Zhou Xun and Director Cao last time, Zhou Xun gave Director Cao a lot of comments, saying that you are very special and have very high requirements. He was shocked by such a powerful actor as Zhou Xun. He went to rehearsal ahead of time, like going to class. Cao Baoping: It's not like taking a class. Moderator: Do a preview class in advance. Cao Baoping: Think about important scenes several times in advance, because only during the rehearsal process can you catch up. This is one. Another problem may actually be that the so-called high requirements for actors have something to do with your thoughts, because my scripts have huge dramatic tension and the plot is very compact. Such a premise, such a premise, you need to deal with it in a special way. Be careful, because it's too perfect, the articulation between. I said this is false, I don’t know if you can understand it. The front and back are too complete. I especially hope for such a script, because it provides a huge conflict of dramatic tension. I have been trying my best to complete such a story by using a method that does not perform as much as possible, does not perform as much as possible, or even limits performance as much as possible. However, the story itself has huge dramatic tension in the situation, and it is impossible to ask for it to be very realistic. The combination of the two makes you want an effect, which is what I've always wanted to do, not perform. Moderator: Because like Zhou Xun, Zhang Hanyu, Deng Chao (Tingge blog), Wang Baoqiang (Tingge blog), they have a lot of works in the past, giving the audience a preconceived idea, will they think too much in this regard? Cao Baoping: I didn't think about it that much. I just wanted what I wanted. If I wanted to make it like this, I asked to do it in my own way. Then when it came out, it wouldn't look like anything, but I couldn't imagine it. You Just want what you want. Wang Yanhui praised Director Cao Baoping's portrayal of the inner drama host: Wang Yanhui should have cooperated with Director Cao for the second time. He has cooperated with "Glorious Fury ()" before. You know Director Cao quite well, including his guiding style, Actors require many aspects? Wang Yanhui: I think he wrote the script, and each of his characters has a lot of things focused on this character. When we go to create, we will show more levels. Your level, his heart is that, what is that side, very much. It is difficult, but it is very happy to complete it, and it is possible to complete a thing for that purpose. Moderator: This is also an experience of mine. Your crew reported that it was very enjoyable after the end. The whole process was a bit torturous, after the filming was over. Wang Yanhui: I think it's just thick, it has a strong taste, and it's full. The main creator of "Li Mi's Conjecture" enjoys the process of filming. Host: I ask Mr. Wang, I know that after watching "Li Mi's Conjecture", you have a very wonderful comment on this film. You can talk to our netizens here. share? At that time, you said that "Li Mi's Conjecture" contains a lot of elements, no matter love or suspense. Wang Zhonglei: This movie can meet the needs of many audiences for movies. For example, I especially like to watch this new acting, new performances, and then tell the story of the screen itself in a way. Does the director have any talent, because I think this, the same one The script, if there is no method, the traces are very obvious, especially the craftsmanship, and many things become very natural after they are performed, but after some methods are performed, everyone will think that this is all made up, how can there be such a coincidence , It is precisely because of many coincidences that these may not have been known yesterday, and gathered together into a story, but these things have become so natural, I think this is the second aspect of the movie that is particularly good. The third aspect is that we say that Zhou Xun's performance is very special. Everyone puts down all the burdens in their hearts to perform. What is torturing them, that is, as a screenwriter and a director, in fact, what kind of state should everyone be in their minds, he has already I know it completely, so he let the actors know, and it is precisely these actors who can give him, ordinary actors can only give you two, that is, I am laughing. They can give directors more than a dozen kinds. The director said that I want the eighth one. This is that they can create together with pain and happiness. I think that in the two films made last year, one was for this crew, and the other was for the crew of "Assembly". After the end of the creative group, it is to get together, often meet and be very happy is the most, the frequency is the highest. It just proves that when they are filming, they are not saying yes at all, it is just a job. I think this may be very happy for the actors and directors. Cao Baoping: Yes, very happy. Moderator: Yes, in "Li Mi's Conjecture", we assembled Queen Zhou Xun, and the four great film stars. They rubbed each other in the movie together. It was a very good movie, but I would like to ask netizens if they are not familiar with each other. Wang Yanhui, who was previously an actor of the Yunnan Repertory Theatre, made his debut with Director Cao's "Glorious Wrath". Wang Yanhui: I worked with Director Cao. He asked me to put things away. I didn't know I had this thing. I can do this, and I can have an aura in me. Slowly I think he will give me one. Moderator: A space. Zhang Hanyu: Best Supporting Actor at this year's Chinese Media Film Awards. Host: In "Li Mi's Conjecture", you play a bad guy. I don't think you are a bad guy. Can you explain this character? Wang Yanhui: I didn't understand him as a bad guy. When my parents died, he took my hand and said, "Your boss can't control it, the fourth is just following your ass, and the family is watching you. No matter what, he did something wrong." I want to protect them, I follow this line, do whatever I do in my head I'm right, I have to do this, my mom said, I have to protect them because I am the most mature of the four, I think so after we watch it. Zhang Hanyu: Farmer. Cao Baoping: He just said in "Glorious Wrath". They should be brothers, fellow villagers, not related by blood. Wang Yanhui: I just said that their fight was a small scene, and Baoqiang and I were a big scene. Wang Zhonglei: I don't remember Baoqiang, we have a tidbit, his pants really fell off, and he climbed up from the ditch, and his leg crossed. Wang Yanhui: With such a big slope, you can't even think about it. I couldn't fight, Baoqiang was so small, he fainted at once, and practiced. Pop like this. Host: Director, why do I think you are so cruel? Cao Baoping: Yes, sometimes it can be quite cruel, but what do you do, your profession, you have to do this, let it be like that. Moderator: Including Wang Baoqiang and Zhou Xun often practice with small benches. Does brother Wang Yanhui also participate in the rehearsal in the taxi and sit on the small bench? Wang Yanhui: He sits in the front and I sit in the back. Baoqiang is very good, and he is also a star, right? It's okay if you hit you, it doesn't hurt or hurts. We didn't have any problems when we cooperated, and it was very clean. Zhang Hanyu's mood change in the filming of "Li Mi" envied Zhou Xun's hysterical host: During the whole filming process, didn't you also experience such a mood ups and downs, with different mood changes? Zhang Hanyu? Zhang Hanyu: That's for sure. A wonderful performance is amazing. I like it better. During this period of time, everything he has and everything he does, he is, and everything he says is. This process is very difficult and painful, but for us, it is unbelievable, this is an opportunity, this is what I did, this is what I do. So I hope you all watch this movie. The actor of our play is the director, and the director is a person who pays great attention to the details of the performance. In fact, sometimes he does a good job. I think it should be right, but because of the script he wrote, he has higher requirements. And I think another point is that as soon as he talks about that kind of thing, he immediately understands that, because an actor needs a good script and a good director to act to a certain extent. The director needs potential and potential, and you will definitely succeed. Actors need this too much. Sometimes the director you say, the actor suddenly realizes, yes, our director Cao is. Moderator: Zhang Hanyu can give us a practical example. Zhang Hanyu: This is a lot, almost every game has it. Wang Zhonglei: I remember when you performed a performance, he asked your eyes? Zhang Hanyu: That's because you act as a policeman, and sometimes you may act as a policeman, because the policeman has commonalities, and the commonality creates individuality, which is the requirement of the role, and then in another scene, at that time, I had a new understanding of Li Mi. , I have some understanding of his life, and I have a lot of sympathy in the process of handling the case, and it was also emotional at that time. Just those little details. Cao Baoping: It can cover the richer characters themselves. Zhang Hanyu: The more kind, the police are kind, and they are very sympathetic to the weak women. So this is what the director needs to capture. Moderator: In this one, each character is very polyhedral and very plump. Cao Baoping: Yes, very rich. Zhang Hanyu: You can expand your imagination. Host: Because Zhou Xun didn't say that she was often hysterical on the filming site, her emotions were out of control, and it was difficult to take it back for a while? Zhang Hanyu: I often have it during filming. After shooting, I pulled it out, and I was very happy to pull it out. . When she filmed "If You Love", she didn't take it out for about two years, and Li Mi devoted herself to it again. I am envious, envious of her.