Jiang Shan's unpopular search: Italian and Western bonuses are difficult to rise Milan has not really rebounded Jiang Shan: Serie A and La Liga will have a quick extra round in midweek. What do you think of this game? Jin Shikai: As long as there is a whole round of matches in Serie A in a week, there are few upsets. A total of 4 rounds were played in midweek last season, and only AC Milan lost to Sampdoria 1-2 at home. Rome's performance also seems to be poor, but the results of 1 win, 2 draws and 1 loss in the middle of the week are the guest draws with Florence and Inter Milan, and the "guest" loss to Lazio in the Rome City Derby is not unpopular. The reason is that after years of baptism in European competitions, the giant teams have already adapted to the rhythm of a week of double games, and have gradually formed the habit of playing with two lineups when the competition is close. On the contrary, due to the limited thickness of the bench, it is difficult for the middle and lower reaches of the team to put two sets of equally competitive lineups, and they are not as handy as the giant teams for a week of double games. Jiang Shan: Do you mean that most of the Serie A giants in this round can rest assured to be brave? Jin Shikai: Let’s analyze the specific issues in detail. Inter Milan’s home game against Lecce is of course an inevitable candidate for courage. But AC Milan is not very reassuring. Jiang Shan: Well, are you worried that AC Milan's 4-1 victory over Lazio last weekend is just an inertial continuation of the track record, not a real rebound? Jin Shikai: Good. The two of us said in the unpopular search last season that AC Milan also swept Lazio with 5 goals during the downturn at the beginning of the season last season, and it does have a psychological advantage over its opponents. But after the big win over Lazio, Milan suffered a losing streak in the next two rounds, and it was two consecutive home losses to Empoli and Roma. Personally, I think Ancelotti is hesitant in the lineup. In addition, Pirlo and Senderos have been injured in a row. It is estimated that in the next two or three rounds, AC Milan will have a big cold. The wheeler fought Regina. Jiang Shan: Judging from the situation of the Serie A midweek express last season, Milan's record is really average. They lost to Palermo as a guest, were tied by Catania, and lost to Samp at home as you just mentioned, all in the middle of the week. occurring. In addition, they have a very mediocre record in several midweek rematches: lost to Atalanta, forced to draw by Livorno, etc. However, Reggina is the No. 1 favorite for Serie A relegation this season. When they visited Roma in the last round, their opponents suffered many injuries. The bookmakers generally believed that they were expected to upset the away game, but they were eventually swept by Roma 3 goals. If they want to score points in Milan, they have to be supported by strength. Last season, they only got 1 draw and 3 losses in 4 games in the middle of the week. Jin Shikai: So even Bo Leng does not need to go too extreme in this game, 1/0 is enough. Jiang Shan: What about other Serie A games? Do you find anything if you start from a blind spot? Jin Shikai: In fact, Serie A midweek away wins are relatively rare. Last season, there were only 4 away victories in the 4 midweek games. In two of them, the home team remained undefeated with 8 wins and 2 draws and 7 wins and 3 draws respectively. Pay attention. It is probably better to choose some draw results in this round than blindly Bo Leng. Jiang Shan: Let’s briefly talk about La Liga.