Noah's average rebounds per game hit a new high, revealing the secret passion is more important than anything else. Sina Sports News reporter Qiu Xing reported that everyone knew that Noah would grab rebounds, but his average of 15.3 rebounds per game was still surprising. That's 4.3 more than last season. Others rely on bouncing and body to grab the board, but Noah has one more feature in the board-passion. Noah is a very passionate person. Once a scout from the Eastern Conference listed five players who could ignite the passion of a city, Noah ranked first among the five. "The first word that comes to mind when you think of him is ruthlessness. The second word? Passion. He's nerve-wracking, he's chaotic," the scout said, "and everything he does Seemingly inconspicuous little things, such as his hairstyle and the way he swings his arms, can arouse people's emotions and make people motivated." Noah's amazing performance also attracted the attention of major American media, ESPN reporters even Directly knocked on the door of Noah's house. Noah is a little flattered, after all, less than two years ago, he was even considered a garbage insider who couldn't get a job in the NBA. "It's really funny, I'm a kid from a pampered family in France, to be seen as a tough guy in this league," Noah said. "A year and a half ago, I was still The United Center was booed by the Bulls fans, and now I have ESPN reporters visiting me. Oh, I don't want to get used to this feeling of being chased and worshipped." Noah on the court grabs the rebound like a lunatic , Noah off the court is not a guy who fits well with everyone. He is a player who has basically no scandals. When other teammates are holding mobile phones and opening Weibo to exchange swear words, Noah is more willing to use all his strength on the training ground. Keeping Noah for 5 years and 60 million yuan, he is unwilling to use him as a bargaining chip to trade Anthony. The Bulls executives are obviously interested in the bright prospects of this young man. Noah did not disappoint the team either. At the beginning of the season, he showed eye-catching data. Now, Noah is averaging 14.3 points, 15.3 rebounds, 2.0 blocks and 2.3 assists, all of which are career highs. People who play with passion are usually different in how they behave. An All-Star once commented on Noah: "He must be playing hard, but this guy has a problem with his brain."