Milo: Breaking up big banks Introduction: "Forbes" columnist Michael Maiello (Michael Maiello) published an op-ed on July 27 saying that smaller financial institutions will provide better services for the United States and investors, splitting up Big banks are the right choice. Here's a summary of the article: If taxpayers want to stop saving banks from their own investment decisions, if American consumers and businesses want easier access to financial products, credit and financing, if bank shareholders want to make money, break up Goldman Sachs and other major Most of the big Wall Street banks are necessary. Goldman's asset management business can operate independently like Northern Trust. In fact, investors currently prefer asset managers over banking groups, so a standalone Goldman Sachs asset manager could unlock a lot of value. Goldman's M&A advisory business will go through tougher times under current market conditions, but the potential for appreciation is huge when the market improves. When the wave of consolidation in the 1990s created many large banks, the architects behind mergers and acquisitions told us that banking is a capital-intensive industry and that the form of conglomerates can be more efficient in achieving capital efficiency. There is some truth to this view. As a regular consumer, it's a great thing to be a member of a major bank that offers 24-hour phone service and a card that can be used almost everywhere. However, for many businesses, banks only need human capital. Consulting business is a good example. The same is true for securities underwriting: you only need a small amount of capital to trade stocks on the secondary market, and the amount of capital required is not very large. Fixed income securities underwriting requires slightly more capital because you must maintain a certain bond inventory. But the wealth management business requires almost no capital—all other people's money. The question of whether a Goldman or Citi or Morgan Stanley split would benefit shareholders has yet to be answered definitively, but it's fair to say shareholders can do well. There is no doubt that splitting benefits consumers and taxpayers. In his new book, "The Road To Financial Reformation," former Fed governor Henry Kaufman questions management's ability to run large financial institutions effectively. “The breadth of financial activity will prevent senior management from taking a more direct role in the day-to-day management of the business,” Kaufman writes, “as a result, senior management will increasingly rely on middle management, many of whom have highly skilled Econometric skills, an incentive to take increasing risk for higher pay.” So the executives who built these behemoths don’t have control over them. We know that the odds of four or five "little Goldmans" begging for Treasury bailouts will be far less than one "big Goldman." We also know that it is also easier for the Treasury to say no to small companies. We can see this in the Treasury Department's rejection of CIT Group's bailout application. Breaking up big companies will benefit consumers the most. "While these behemoths can provide one-stop financing services, they often do so not by choice but as part of a transaction," Kaufman wrote. Banks are not monopolies like AT&T, so the government cannot Consumer protection reasons to split it. However, users will benefit more as more competing banks offer more choices of financial products. At the same time, banks can also earn billions of dollars by underwriting their own voluntary spin-offs. All in all, breaking up the big banks was the right choice. (Xingya)