American basketball has returned to its peak because of the efforts of one person to carry the top 12 players. Sina Sports News Beijing time on November 5th, although the US team coach Mike Krzyzewski has not set foot in the NBA, but his coaching is still very good meet the needs of the NBA. Not only did Lao K lead the U.S. team to win the World Championship trophy after more than ten years, but in Dime's view, most of the 12 U.S. team players he trained have now become the core of each team in the new season. Kevin Durant Although the Thunder's current record is only 2-2, Durant still averaged 26 points per game, in addition to 6.3 rebounds and 1.8 steals. The experience of being the leader of the U.S. team in the offseason was further established. Durant's unshakable position in the Thunder. Derrick Rose Although Rajon Rondo's assist data is amazing, Rose also has an amazing performance of 8.7 assists per game. More importantly, Rose also averaged 27.7 points, 5 rebounds and 1 block per game. There is no doubt that Rose has learned how to develop comprehensively from the experience of the US team. Danny - Granger The Pacers can reach the top eight in the East is somewhat unexpected, which Granger contributed. Averaging 22 points, 5 rebounds and 2.3 assists per game, Granger has already played at an All-Star level. Rudy Gay's record with the Grizzlies is not ideal, but this does not prevent Gay from averaging 26.4 points, 7 rebounds, 3.2 assists and 2.2 steals per game. All-around data. And, Gay managed to justify the $80 million deal the Grizzlies gave him. Russell Westbrook averaged 20.8 points, 6 rebounds, 7 assists and 2.5 steals per game. From the data point of view, Westbrook is not inferior to Durant at all, and this level is enough to make him an All-Star next year. . Compared to last season's performance, the US team's experience has indeed helped Westbrook's growth. Stephen Curry Curry averaged 20.5 points and 8.5 assists to help the Warriors rank fourth in the Western Conference. It can be said that his performance is the most dazzling in the current Warriors lineup. After the ankle injury fully recovers, Curry's performance will definitely be more gratifying. Eric Gordon The Clippers are still at the bottom of the Western Conference, but this does not affect Gordon's performance. He can still contribute 20 points, 3.2 rebounds and 4.6 assists per game. The main data has improved significantly, which is inseparable from the guidance of old K to him in the offseason. Chauncey Billups Billups still averaged 15.8 points, 2.5 rebounds and 5 assists per game. Such a veteran can't see the edges and corners in the regular season. The real stage of Billups has not yet opened. prelude. Lamar Odom The Lakers have been undefeated so far. Lamar Odom also averaged 16.6 points, 11.4 rebounds and 3.6 assists per game. Among them, the number of rebounds hit a career high, which was a significant improvement over Odom last season. More importantly, Lamar Odom's performance in the interior can make the Lakers forget the existence of Andrew Bynum. It seems that his effect as a center in the US team is still very good. Kevin Love averaged only 26.4 minutes per game, but Love was able to hand over a double-double of 16.8 points and 10.8 rebounds, and Love's average free throws per game were significantly higher than last season, which shows that he is more aggressive Well, the offseason experience of being a big man on Team USA is starting to make a difference. Andre Iguodala Although the 76ers had a bad record, Iguodala, who averaged 14.4 points, 5.6 rebounds and 6.2 assists per game, has undoubtedly exhausted everything, and the rest is that he has to find the key to victory as soon as possible. Tyson - Chandler averaged 7 points and 7.8 rebounds, the data is not conspicuous. But the important thing is that Chandler has finally returned to the game, and for the Mavericks who rely on the outside, Chandler's performance is enough. It's the same role he played with Team USA this offseason, and Chandler knows what to do. (XWT185)