"Business Week" cover article: Unscrupulous Wall Street This issue of "Business Week" cover article exposed that Wall Street took advantage of the lack of financial professionals in US local governments and public service agencies to sell very complex financial derivatives to these non-profit institutions. Put greedy hands on public finances. To this end, politicians in Congress are also taking corresponding legislative action to curb this wave of destruction of local finances. Detroit, once a symbol of the United States, is facing serious financial troubles. Unemployment is 28 per cent and rising, while house prices have plummeted 39 per cent since 2007. That makes Dave Bing, the city's mayor just 10 months ago, worried about a $300 million budget deficit, but he's more troubled by the fact that Wall Street's financial moguls still cling to the backcountry. The city government signed a contract with UBS and several other banks several years ago to earn more than $2 million a year in interest on its $800 million worth of bonds. But the obscure contract came with a devastating condition: If the city of Detroit's credit rating fell, the banks could back out of the deal and demand a sizable breach fee. After years of financial distress and the impact of the economic crisis, Detroit's credit rating has fallen sharply to junk. The city suddenly fell into the trap of being asked to pay $400 million. The city's tax revenue now comes from only three local gaming establishments. The government pays the banks $4.2 million a month before funding schools, transit and other vital services. Mayor Bing reluctantly sighed that the economic crisis can only make the authorities redefine what the city should provide. But UBS declined to comment. Detroit isn't the only city to suffer from the recession. Metropolitan and town governments and related public agencies across the United States are suffering from their own financial difficulties. They owe UBS, Goldman Sachs and other financial giants billions of dollars in liquidated damages for errant investment deals. The root of the disaster stems from the craziest credit markets. Wall Street was targeting cities and towns across the United States, selling them high-risk financial derivatives that promised to save capital costs or increase investment returns. Investment banks and insurance companies devise very complex transactions and use taxation as a source of payment. Under this condition, public service agencies and other not-for-profit organizations can withdraw large amounts of cash immediately against their long-term assets as collateral. Some private equity firms have even used the most dazzling historical returns to persuade public pension funds to make costly investments at the craziest times. The striking similarities in many of these transactions would have adequately protected these financial institutions from huge losses and trapped customers in the trap of high future costs. Due to a lack of financial experts in some public institutions, they have listened to dubious ideas from Wall Street. Wall Street is trying to speed up the recovery of liquidated damages from these clients as the settlements of those contracts expire. Wall Street ripped off clients' fortunes after peddling questionable investment schemes, a research firm said. Such as New Jersey's Transportation Trust Fund Authority (TransportationTrust Fund Authority) in December 2011, must pay Goldman $1 million in liquidated damages per month. The former entered into a deal with Goldman Sachs to link municipal debt to financial derivatives, even though the state paid it down last year. The Chicago Transit Authority could face $30 million to end the deal after it signed a complex deal to lease its own equipment to outside investors and then lease it back. Investors will seek liquidated damages after American International Group (AIG), which arranged the deal, learned of the agency's progressively lower credit rating. Joseph Bankman, a professor at Stanford Law School, believes that such deals are potentially hugely risky, and investors are often reluctant to walk away with frivolous reparations. Goldman Sachs has so far declined to comment. Compared to some Wall Street firms expected to hit record levels of bonuses this year, the situation in American cities and towns is so dire. That's less than a year after the financial crisis. To prevent public outrage from reaching boiling point, some bank executives are playing new tricks to please the public. Goldman Sachs CEO LloydBlankfein pledged a few days ago to spend $500 million on funding small and medium-sized business loans and philanthropy. That amount is equivalent to just 3 percent of the $16.7 billion in bonuses Goldman expects to pay employees this year. Politicians are also on the move. Federal lawmakers are trying to stop this damage to the finances of cities and towns, preventing them from falling prey to predators in the future. Lawmakers have submitted proposals to Congress for a 100 percent tax on the income of financial institutions that collect liquidated damages, to stop them from taking advantage of others. Another proposal would limit the use of financial derivatives by local governments and public service agencies with less than $50 million in assets. Legislators learned that small and medium-sized towns simply do not have the resources necessary to withstand huge investment risks. Without federal intervention, distressed local governments like Detroit could be forced to slash critical public services. The sectors hardest hit are public education and transportation. The public schools and transit departments of some cities are unlikely to see an increase in the funding allocated to them now, as Wall Street takes a chunk of the city budget. (East Anhui)