Clean technology has gradually become the mainstream investment variety of VC, replacing IT and the Internet. Our reporter Tao Jun "Around 2001, I was interviewed by some environmental protection professional newspapers. Around 2006, financial media began to interview me. A few days ago, a company Life Weekly also came to interview me, and I began to think it was inappropriate, but the reporters asked questions that made me think the interview was very meaningful, and they asked me how cleaning technology affects the lives of ordinary people, so I agreed to the interview request.” Ye Dong used the media's attention to himself to describe the development status of his clean technology investment business. Ye Dong is the president of Qingyun Ventures. Founded in 2001, Qingyun Ventures is China's first VC institution specializing in clean technology. In his view, 100% clean economy is one of the new growth points to help the world get out of the economic crisis. When a reporter asked if the company has plans to invest in fuel cell projects recently, he said that now "everyone is watching", and clean technology has become the favorite project of VCs. Investment Feast A survey of 400 VCs in the world shows that investment in clean technology is listed as one of the three major investment directions in the future, ranking first in the next 1-2 years. Clean technology has gradually replaced IT and the Internet in previous years, and has become the new darling of investment institutions. From 2000 to 2005, clean technology was still limited to the terminal treatment of water, air, and waste. After 2005, with the rise of the photovoltaic industry, a group of companies, such as Tianwei Yingli and Wuxi Suntech, were like trains running faster and faster after they started. Last year and this year, clean technology was like a dark horse, showing in front of the world. Wind energy, fuel cells, smart grid, ecological agriculture, sustainable transportation and other projects have become the targets of VCs, and some even commented that there has been a bubble. And many companies are still basically at a loss. For example, Changchun Huineng Technology, which was led by Qingyun Venture Capital in late 2008, is positioned to provide a large-scale green energy storage system with high power and long life for renewable energy, helping the power grid to cut peaks and fill valleys, and can also be used as a backup power supply for communications and environmentally friendly vehicles. source of power. Investors in the company include BP, which itself has a similar project. Although Huineng's technology is at the international leading level, it has not yet been fully commercialized, let alone making a profit. The reason why VCs have full confidence in these companies is mainly because in the current global crisis, many countries have given a clean economy to rescue the crisis, and introduced various support policies to catalyze the development of the industry, and the industry itself has a role in the sustainable development of human beings. significant. As far as my country is concerned, according to relevant sources, not long ago, the internal meeting held by the Ministry of Science and Technology came out that the scale of scientific research funds that the country will use for biomass power generation has reached the level of tens of billions of yuan. In fact, the Chinese government has relatively ambitious plans for the entire clean economy. Not long ago, the National Energy Administration stated that the new energy plan being developed will significantly increase the targets for wind power and solar power generation on the basis of existing targets. The industry expects that with the introduction of these plans, preferential support policies including policies, funds, and taxation will be gradually implemented. In the current global economic downturn, the Chinese government has listed the clean economy as an important new economic growth point. In the long run, it is also conducive to the transformation of China's economy. Some local governments have taken the lead. Jiangsu Province issued the Opinions on Promotion of Photovoltaic Power Generation in Jiangsu Province in June, proposing to build a photovoltaic grid-connected power generation capacity of 400 megawatts in the province through three-year efforts. This goal far exceeded market expectations. The "Opinions" also proposed that Jiangsu establishes a special fund for photovoltaic power generation support, which is mainly used for grid-connected power generation electricity price subsidies. This is an important breakthrough. Jiangsu became the first province in China to implement the repurchase of photovoltaic electricity prices, which means that the photovoltaic industry, which was previously in the overseas market, is about to start the domestic market. In the past, the development of the clean economy was slow, mainly due to the high cost of the clean economy. For VC institutions, the government's policy incentives may not allow clean economy companies to make considerable profits in the short term, but these incentives are like breast milk, helping children who are temporarily unable to grow up. Once the children grow up, they will be able to support themselves. The benefits will also be fed back to the society. China's strengths and weaknesses Each sub-sector in the clean economy industry has different development characteristics, and China's position is also different. The upstream of the photovoltaic industry is in China, and the downstream is in foreign countries. The wind power industry technology is in the hands of foreign giants, but the market is mainly domestic. As far as the fuel cell industry is concerned, the potential markets at home and abroad are huge, and no one has stood out in technology. Yang Xi, vice president of DFJ Capital, said that last year DFJ invested in Puneng Technology, a large energy storage company, and later helped it acquire VRB Power, a Canadian company with mature technology. Yang Xi believes that China's advantage is cost, and it is weak in technology. The acquisition of Pu Neng is to take over the advanced technology of the West and combine it with China's manufacturing cost advantage. Wang Shiwen, editor-in-chief of China Environmental Investment Network, believes that in addition to the cost advantage of manufacturing in China, opportunities also come from China itself, which is a huge market. In the past few years, the market of China's photovoltaic industry has been overseas, and the lack of domestic government support is one of the weak spots of the industry. And now this situation is changing. Ye Dong believes that compared with other countries, the Chinese government's current support for the clean economy has been able to meet the basic requirements of the industry, and these policies have left enough room for clean technology companies to operate. □Tao Jun, our reporter, "Around 2001, I was interviewed by professional newspapers and magazines related to environmental protection. Around 2006, financial media began to interview me. A few days ago, a weekly life magazine also came to interview me, and I began to think that It's not very appropriate, but the questions asked by the reporter made the interview very meaningful. They asked me how clean technology affects the lives of ordinary people, so I agreed to the interview request." Ye Dong used the media's attention to himself to describe his work. The state of the cleantech investment business. Ye Dong is the president of Qingyun Ventures. Founded in 2001, Qingyun Ventures is China's first VC institution specializing in clean technology. In his view, 100% clean economy is one of the new growth points to help the world get out of the economic crisis. When a reporter asked if the company has plans to invest in fuel cell projects recently, he said that now "everyone is watching", and clean technology has become the favorite project of VCs. Investment Feast A survey of 400 VCs in the world shows that investment in clean technology is listed as one of the three major investment directions in the future, ranking first in the next 1-2 years. Clean technology has gradually replaced IT and the Internet in previous years, and has become the new darling of investment institutions. From 2000 to 2005, clean technology was still limited to the terminal treatment of water, air, and waste. After 2005, with the rise of the photovoltaic industry, a group of companies, such as Tianwei Yingli and Wuxi Suntech, were like trains running faster and faster after they started. Last year and this year, clean technology was like a dark horse, showing in front of the world. Wind energy, fuel cells, smart grid, ecological agriculture, sustainable transportation and other projects have become the targets of VCs, and some even commented that there has been a bubble. And many companies are still basically at a loss. For example, Changchun Huineng Technology, which was led by Qingyun Venture Capital in late 2008, is positioned to provide a large-scale green energy storage system with high power and long life for renewable energy, helping the power grid to cut peaks and fill valleys, and can also be used as a backup power supply for communications and environmentally friendly vehicles. source of power. Investors in the company include BP, which itself has a similar project. Although Huineng's technology is at the international leading level, it has not yet been fully commercialized, let alone making a profit. The reason why VCs have full confidence in these companies is mainly because in the current global crisis, many countries have given a clean economy to rescue the crisis, and introduced various support policies to catalyze the development of the industry, and the industry itself has a role in the sustainable development of human beings. significant. As far as my country is concerned, according to relevant sources, not long ago, the internal meeting held by the Ministry of Science and Technology came out that the scale of scientific research funds that the country will use for biomass power generation has reached the level of tens of billions of yuan. In fact, the Chinese government has relatively ambitious plans for the entire clean economy. Not long ago, the National Energy Administration stated that the new energy plan being developed will significantly increase the targets for wind power and solar power generation on the basis of existing targets. The industry expects that with the introduction of these plans, preferential support policies including policies, funds, and taxation will be gradually implemented. In the current global economic downturn, the Chinese government has listed the clean economy as an important new economic growth point. In the long run, it is also conducive to the transformation of China's economy. Some local governments have taken the lead. Jiangsu Province issued the Opinions on Promotion of Photovoltaic Power Generation in Jiangsu Province in June, proposing to build a photovoltaic grid-connected power generation capacity of 400 megawatts in the province through three-year efforts. This goal far exceeded market expectations. The "Opinions" also proposed that Jiangsu establishes a special fund for photovoltaic power generation support, which is mainly used for grid-connected power generation electricity price subsidies. This is an important breakthrough. Jiangsu became the first province in China to implement the repurchase of photovoltaic electricity prices, which means that the photovoltaic industry, which was previously in the overseas market, is about to start the domestic market. In the past, the development of the clean economy was slow, mainly due to the high cost of the clean economy. For VC institutions, the government's policy incentives may not allow clean economy companies to make considerable profits in the short term, but these incentives are like breast milk, helping children who are temporarily unable to grow up. Once the children grow up, they will be able to support themselves. The benefits will also be fed back to the society. China's strengths and weaknesses Each sub-sector in the clean economy industry has different development characteristics, and China's position is also different. The upstream of the photovoltaic industry is in China, and the downstream is in foreign countries. The wind power industry technology is in the hands of foreign giants, but the market is mainly domestic. As far as the fuel cell industry is concerned, the potential markets at home and abroad are huge, and no one has stood out in technology. Yang Xi, vice president of DFJ Capital, said that last year DFJ invested in Puneng Technology, a large energy storage company, and later helped it acquire VRB Power, a Canadian company with mature technology. Yang Xi believes that China's advantage is cost, and it is weak in technology. The acquisition of Pu Neng is to take over the advanced technology of the West and combine it with China's manufacturing cost advantage. Wang Shiwen, editor-in-chief of China Environmental Investment Network, believes that in addition to the cost advantage of manufacturing in China, opportunities also come from China itself, which is a huge market. In the past few years, the market of China's photovoltaic industry has been overseas, and the lack of domestic government support is one of the weak spots of the industry. And now this situation is changing. Ye Dong believes that compared with other countries, the Chinese government's current support for the clean economy has been able to meet the basic requirements of the industry, and these policies have left enough room for clean technology companies to operate.