 Dijiang: Bayi needs to be repositioned, we have a chance, but we didn't get in. Sina Sports News On December 24th, Beijing Jinyu, who returned to the home court, faced Bayi. After four quarters of hard work, the Beijing team won 84 games with its outstanding performance. 78 narrowly defeated Bayi Shuanglu and won five consecutive victories. After the game, the head coach of the Bayi Shuanglu team, A Dijiang commented on the game, "First of all, I would like to thank the media friends for coming to the basketball court to watch the game on Christmas Eve. The atmosphere is very good, just like the festival. This game is the start of the Bayi Shuanglu team. In a relatively tight match since then, the success rate of both offense and defense is very low, especially on offense, many goals that should be scored are not scored. As for us, when we return to Beijing, we want to play the game well, but give ourselves Carry some burdens. After all, the league has just started. Through this game, the Bayi Shuanglu team has to reposition. The Bayi Shuanglu team is only in the climbing period and has not become a strong team. If you think you have won a few games, you will It's not necessary to put pressure on yourself. It's the early stage of the game, and you've played a few good games, but if you can't adjust your position in time after winning, there will be problems. There will be all kinds of problems in a long league. Congratulations to the Beijing team on their victory, the Beijing team played very passionately in every game. Merry Christmas to everyone." Q: The Beijing team has won five consecutive victories. Please comment on the Beijing team's performance. A Dijiang: The score of this game is 84 to 78. To be honest, neither team scored high, but the Bayi Shuanglu team performed worse than the Beijing team, so the Beijing team won. Now that the Beijing team has won five consecutive games, it is a very good start. I hope they will not make the mistakes of our game and can treat the results of these games with a normal heart. Victory is not easy to come by, but it is more difficult to maintain. We will also prepare carefully. Q: Where do you think the Beijing team won? A Dijiang: The Beijing team seized the opportunity in a stalemate. The Bayi Shuanglu team also had a chance, but they didn't score what they should have scored. Especially when we overtaken the game, there were some loopholes in the defense, and the Beijing team caught it in time. Take the opportunity, the Beijing team is relatively reasonable to seize the opportunity. Q: The first three quarters were all a draw. Let’s talk about the fourth quarter. The Bayi Shuanglu team seemed to make a lot of mistakes and the hit rate was very low. A Dijiang: Today is the lowest score of the Bayi Shuanglu team since the start of the game, but this is the second time we lost to the double foreign aid in the fourth quarter. In fact, we have made progress and improved in the fourth quarter against the double foreign aid. Some players, like Da Zhi, are in ups and downs. The game is too tight, and it is impossible to force all players to perform well in every game. I hope they will gradually recover and combine playing and tuning. Today's hit rate is not his normal hit rate, it is very poor. This has something to do with his participation in two major competitions this year and his involvement in the league after the Asian Games, so he must adjust in time. In fact, our problem today is the hit rate. This kind of game is also rare. All three quarters are tied. It can be seen that the two teams presented a wonderful game to the fans on Christmas Eve. Xu Zhonghao, a member of the Bayi Shuanglu team, said, "All of our players want to play this game well, and they do put some burdens on themselves. There will be more games to come, so let's start again with our feet on the ground." (Little San Son)