The courtyard building space that the Chinese need will usher in new changes. Wang Gang, Chairman of Urban Elements, I am most interested in this topic, because this matter cannot be said to be thought about for a long time, it should be said that it is from my own perspective. Since the beginning of this industry, this problem has been immersed in psychology for a long time. First of all, this matter is a general direction, Chinese architecture, Chinese style, Chinese culture, first of all cultural matters, not only limited to the ranks of architecture or a simple category. I think the meaning he represents in this matter is still very profound, and it may not be clear in a few words. There is one thing here that I would like to discuss, or bring to discuss. The auction just mentioned, Chinese contemporary art, and some Chinese cultural relics are very high in the international market. What kind of state does this represent? This is precisely from the source, from the perspective of the Chinese themselves, what kind of mentality does it represent. I think the most important thing about Chinese architecture, or Chinese culture, is to discuss this matter. What kind of attitude to face this problem, and this problem is very strict for Chinese people. In fact, from the perspective of contemporary art, I have a point of view that is similar to some aspects. In the 1960s and 1970s after the war in the United States, he had an era of very rebellious and critical struggle. It used to be very exciting, and it once made everyone feel a lot of what makes Americans feel what is revolution, what is turmoil, or what is ideological turmoil. I think China is facing such a problem right now. In the process of rapid development in modern times, especially in the past 30 years, after the so-called reform and opening up, the 30 years of over-speed development, and now is precisely the time to reflect and judge. and deep reflection. This kind of thinking, in fact, in the 1980s, there were twists and turns, and it had some shadows of the May Fourth Movement. It's just that at that time, we thought that some things were still undercooked when the water temperature was not enough. China can now represent China's business card, China's values, aspirations, or broad and high-level acceptance by the West. Here, a very objective thing is derived from the side. In the process of reflecting and rebelling, and rethinking your own value and traditional value, in fact, sending out a certain kind of information is your lack of self-confidence. Of course, this kind of lack of self-confidence, people will always enter into self-confidence from lack of self-confidence, and will not say that who is born with self-confidence. I think this matter is very interesting. It is a bit like the example I gave. My daughter is now three years old. I dote on her, and I bought her a lot of toys. I also often teach her that when children want to play, you have to distribute toys to everyone. My daughter has a very strong self-confidence, and every time she takes the initiative to share it with others. This confidence, in other words, he is similar. That is to say, the British people in the British Pavilion at the World Expo will not be able to show that I am the British Pavilion. From my traditional point of view, from the cultural point of view, it is better to show that I am British from Saasbia or Sherlock Holmes. He thinks unnecessary. Americans just made an American pavilion that Americans are very accustomed to. At the same time, he made a Swiss pavilion to show their state of mind, technological development level and a kind of living state. He thought that this was enough. One thing the world needs to show. On the contrary, we are poor and have lost so much in the past, so we are very short now. So we need to be eager to show that I am not that poor, so we need to be very symbolic, to prove that I am Chinese, to prove that I am something of Chinese culture, and to show it eagerly. I am not criticizing or criticizing this mentality. This mentality is very natural, just like the mentality of the United States in the 1960s. They were also very unconfident at that time. After further rapid development and aggression, they simply said that after World War II Having undertaken many countries, one is the Soviet Union, the confidence of American culture is not based on military, but on cultural growth. This kind of dissemination and plot in American culture is omnipresent. His kind of nature is also established through such a process. So I think it is very similar to the period and process we are facing now, because China is developing rapidly, and to a certain extent, it is faced with the rapid development of the United States after World War II and the spread of its influence. China can see that the spread of influence is very fast, which is very helpful for Chinese people to build their self-confidence. A little while ago, I was in the elevator on my way home, and I happened to meet a white man with yellow hair. As a courtesy, when my wife pressed the elevator floor button, she turned to him and asked him in English, Foreigners speak Chinese on the 12th floor. It's a small joke, and it just expresses one point, we are very insecure. You are in China, in a Chinese residential building, speaking English with a foreigner. Actually, when we think about it carefully, we will feel sad. For example, many of us Chinese are studying in Japan, France, and the United States. I estimate that there is almost no chance to meet an American who speaks Chinese to you on your own initiative in an apartment building in the United States. I believe there will be such a situation, but I believe it is very rare. . There have been cases of speaking English with ordinary foreigners in residential buildings in Beijing. Of course, I don't think this is to say that this thing is so uncomfortable, or that it is very degrading. I don't think so. I think it is an inevitable process. We can only go through such a process. As long as our ambitions are still there, we hope The real value The traditional culture is very real and valuable, and it is the moment when we show our true value. At the same time, we are facing the third party, and at the same time we are facing our own heart. We believe in this thing It will definitely reflect the value, which is a mentality that we believe should be adopted by traditional Chinese culture and Chinese architecture. Thanks! Li Ji, Beijing Mochen Architectural Design Office, Beijing Mochen Architectural Design Office, Beijing Mochen Architectural Design Office, Li Yi, is very happy to be here today. The discussion about Chinese style, Chinese culture, root-seeking, and Confucian culture can be said to be very common in China's current society, not only only buildings. Now in the Baijia Lecture Hall, the number of lectures on Sinology is probably more than ten times that of five years, and there are many discussions on architectural culture. This point does reflect a problem. With the rise and development of China's entire economic strength, people go through such a process. From the beginning, it can be said that they are looking for themselves. Otherwise, they will now start to look for themselves. There is such a process. At the beginning, we Chinese people were all self-confident in the Opium War, and then gradually accumulated. The early accumulation method was to use a large European-style house to prove our strength, and to use other methods to accumulate money. After this stage, it is inevitable to find the direction of the true self and self-positioning. I think that many developers accept the Chinese-style positioning, and many customers recognize it, which itself proves the return of self-confidence and self, which is a very good phenomenon. Of course, we are discussing this matter intensively now, and we have a lot of inspiration from you. At the same time, I also think it is a matter of a period of time. In fact, the true self does not need to be found. As you gain real confidence, relax, and stop being squeezed by catching up and other pressures, this ego will naturally manifest itself. Because the traditional culture and background that each of us has entered is impossible to erase. Just like what happened in Japan, I learned Western culture at the beginning, and slowly began to show my deep-rooted things at the end. As long as the time is up, the heat will definitely exist. Moreover, Chinese culture itself is divided into several levels, and it is not necessarily in symbols and notation. At that time, we were a reflection of the current economy, and further up, the Chinese style is more of a method, how to deal with things. Further up is philosophy and the most fundamental attitude. And this does not require traditional symbols, blue bricks, white walls, naturally produce a lot of things. And I think that after the process of regaining self-confidence and self, China will inevitably face the borders of the world. This should be prepared by young people. Suppose we are still studying the current situation of China and the leader of China's future world. In this case, it is the most important for China's ideas to enter the core perspective. How to enter the core. Just now Professor Wang also mentioned that peace is the most important thing in China. After Western culture became stronger, he forced European-style things over. One day China will have the opportunity to go global, what kind of appearance, what kind of expression, what kind of communication our culture will be, and what kind of new business opportunities it will create. Thanks! Yu Weiqun, Creative Director of Yilan Landscape Design Co., Ltd. I still stated what I was concerned about just now. The focus of Chinese architectural culture is not on the imitation or conversion of certain elements, but on what kind of garden architectural space the Chinese people need now. The development of nature is quite related. China has gradually opened up to the society from a self-sufficient and introverted agricultural country under the impact of tradition. The concept reflected in the courtyard is the integration of private courtyards and public courtyards. A small courtyard is the concept of one acre and one-third of the field, and a public courtyard is a concept in Western society and a concept of entering a civil society. As can be seen from Suzhou gardens, when the literati has no way to participate in and transform the politics and external society, and he feels powerless, he will retreat to his own private courtyard to manage his own self-sufficient small universe. In fact, it can be seen that whether it is Beijing, Shanghai, especially Beijing, Beijing found that there were no private courtyards for a period of time. Participation in public affairs through Western concepts is the so-called revolution. You have no private space, let alone a private courtyard. But after the reform and opening up, the people got rich, and after they got rich, they found that a transition was formed, from the product economy to the service economy to the experience economy. As long as I have a house, for these buildings and courtyards, I only have A dozen square meters now need to be expanded to seventy, eighty, and then 120. This is a product that is satisfied from the construction. i want to comment