"Wired" magazine: The human 100-meter running speed is far from the limit of the human 100-meter sprint speed record curve drawn by mathematicians. It is astounding to break the world record for the 100-meter run easily at the Beijing Olympics, but the result of 9.69 seconds is far from the human limit speed predicted by scientists. Bolt's stunning run allowed scientists to reset how fast humans can ultimately run, as he shattered the mathematical model that had been applied to the 100-meter sprint for a century. A person in charge of the Japan Data Evaluation and Research Center said, "The current performance of the 100-meter run is completely inconsistent with the simple curve-seeking law." Many scientists believe that the speed limit of the 100-meter run should be around 9 seconds 45. The relevant index curve is completely calculated according to the world record of the 100-meter sprint, and it is very consistent in predicting that the 100-meter world record will be constantly refreshed and rewritten. However, it should be noted that Bolt broke the world record this time beyond the expectations of experts, because according to the above theory, no one will run into 9 seconds 69 until after 2030. The new world record may prompt them to rediscover the tools to calculate the human speed limit. "As new records are set, people may be less eager to guess what the next fastest record will be for a while," said Leza Nobari, a mathematician at Bloomsburg University in Pennsylvania and author of a textbook on statistics and sports. Before that, he had calculated based on calculations that the fastest limit for humans to run 100 meters should be 9 seconds 44. Mathematicians who share Norbari's views do not use physical indicators to assess human physiological limits, but only study relevant data to prove that the pace of human challenge to the limit of speed is slowing down and will eventually stop completely. In fact, in some sports, such as the long jump, the world record has not been broken for a long time, almost to a standstill, and has only been rewritten twice since 1968. But it's also possible that mathematicians have been estimating progress all the way wrong. A few years ago, Los Angeles-based physicist Jonas Muleika devised a way to calculate, using techniques learned from seismology, that humans would reach Bolt-like speeds in 2009. However, even he himself could not believe the research results, so he did not publish it publicly. Mouleika said, "The world record at that time was about 9 seconds 79. My own calculations show that this record will be shortened to about 9 seconds 6 by 2009. It was incredible at the time, it is impossible to improve so fast. When I think about this, I will deny these conclusions myself, and it is too late to regret it." Although Muleika successfully developed the correct calculation method, Peter Wiard, a physiologist at Southern Methodist University in Dallas, decided to focus his research. Because of the biomechanics of running, he believes that pure mathematics will never be able to predict how fast humans will eventually run. Bolt is a good example of a future world where mathematicians cannot accurately predict the human limits that talented athletes can reach.” For the past 15 years, Wiard has been studying the world’s top 45 According to the body type of the 100-meter runners, almost all the world-class runners have the physical conditions to meet the requirements of the projects they are engaged in, with the exception of Bolt, the new 100-meter champion of the Olympic Games. "Bolt himself doesn't meet the traditional selection criteria," Wiard said. "He's a big guy, and he doesn't usually have a very fast start and speed, because the speed of muscle response in animals is closely related to their body size. For example, rodents Animals are much smaller than elephants and move much faster than the latter, and the same holds true for humans. Sprinters are usually shorter and have more muscle fibers that allow them to start and accelerate quickly. , but not very good at running long distances. 400-meter runners tend to be slightly taller and have inverted muscle fibers. Bolt has the mechanical advantages of a tall man and the ability of a small man to pump muscle fibers. "From London John Hutcheson, a biomechanics expert at the University's Royal Veterinary College, has been working on how animals move. He agreed with Wiard that the human speed limit was unlikely to be accurately predicted. In his view, the IOC and other executive bodies ultimately determine how fast sprinters can run by limiting the amount of advanced biotechnology sprinters can use. Hutcheson said, "The human limit is still largely determined by the rules of the International Olympic Committee, like some kind of arms race between sports regulations and people pushing technology to the extreme. At some point there must be regulations. To limit people's crazy use of technological progress to pursue pure achievements." Top 10 future technologies that exceed human limits (Photos)