Diversification of studying abroad: Self-help study becomes a trend in 2009, Mr. Zhong Shengyue, the founder of Singapore Study Abroad Service Center, introduced that one-third of Chinese students studying in Singapore use Singapore as a springboard and plan to go to a third country for further study or development. This is because many colleges and universities in Singapore are synchronized with Europe and the United States in terms of curriculum and teaching methods. Therefore, if international students want to go to Europe and the United States to continue their studies, they will adapt faster than domestic graduates. In addition, some colleges and universities in Singapore also cooperate with universities in the United States, the United Kingdom, Australia and other countries to offer dual courses. After many students have completed some courses in Singapore, they can directly transfer to European and American universities to complete the remaining courses and obtain degrees from European and American universities. . "Singapore Study Abroad Service Center is the first organization in China to apply for study abroad in Singapore," said Mr. Zhou Yi, director of the service center, "the reason why the agency service fee is waived is because We are the school's direct admissions representatives, all affiliated to the admissions colleges, to help the school find suitable overseas students, so the school will support the Singapore Study Abroad Service Center with marketing and advertising fees every year. Moreover, the free agency fee is the general trend of studying abroad in the future. Because direct dialogue between students and schools is the most effective communication and the most direct two-way choice. In terms of free intermediary fees, the Singapore Study Abroad Service Center is at the forefront of the industry, and has launched an impact on the existing fee-based intermediary service model in the industry. I believe In the near future, the service industry for studying abroad will be more transparent and professional." Ten advantages of studying in Singapore: 1. Singapore can complete courses in world-renowned universities and obtain a diploma from the university. 2. Singapore is the most stable country in the world with the lowest crime rate in the world. 3. The Singapore government strongly supports the education industry. The system is extended to the British education system, and its education level and diplomas are recognized by the Ministry of Education. The schools are jointly established with famous universities in the United States, Britain, Australia, Germany, New Zealand and other countries. 4. Studying in Singapore is a bilingual country (Chinese, English). Students can take bilingual education, (the school is education-oriented, students receive English education, but can use Chinese for academic exchanges). 5. Singapore's costs (living expenses, tuition fees) are cheaper than the United Kingdom, Australia and the United States. Students get the most out of the smallest investment. Low cost of studying abroad and living. The total cost per year is only RMB 70,000-100,000. 6. IELTS and TOEFL scores are not required. 7. The best way to springboard in Europe and America: The credits of schools in Singapore can be transferred to universities in Europe and America, and the visa is relatively simple. 8. The visa success rate is high, generally 2-6 weeks to get the visa. 9. Singapore has the lowest unemployment rate in the world, high employment opportunities and broad development space. There are more than 600 cross-company companies in Singapore that provide a large number of job opportunities for graduates. 10. The Singapore government relaxed its immigration policy to add 200,000 green cards and 40,000 citizens between 2007 and 2012. (Singapore passport holders can be visa-free to 186 countries in the world)