 Weekly Review of Hong Kong Films (7.14-7.20): A Memory of the Times Last week's film review once talked about Shu Qi's reading notes, which are aimed at independent films, and her latest article has also expanded from independent production to mainstream films, "Independent Films" Not bad, mainstream movies are not much better. Even with the cost, technology, and giant screen, the picture and sound are a bit more gimmicky, but more and more rare is the mise-se- that focuses on the 'how to make' movie Scene (scene scheduling), that is, how the director uses all possible film languages, with the movement of the actors and the movement of the camera, to achieve the most profound dramatic effect/thematic connotation. Take a series of superhero films in the summer vacation as an example For example, apart from Stephen Spieberg - who has always been a master of mise-en-scene - Kingdom of the Crystal Skull, there really isn't any other movie that we can see that has this kind of power... ..." Shu Qi also cited "Street Superman", "Wanted" and even the most recent "Batman 6" during the summer vacation - and responded to what was said in the inaugural issue of "HKinema", the quarterly journal of the Hong Kong Film Critics Society: "Movies have always been There are three appellations: as Film, as Cinema, as Movies. Film emphasizes its materiality; Cinema emphasizes its spatiality; Movies expresses its entertainment. Movies are no longer film activities; Watching; artistry gives way to entertainment.” Although these words seem rather pessimistic, they reveal the current situation of the film, although we often turn a blind eye or dare not admit it, as recently announced by the State Administration of Radio, Film and Television of the first half of a series of In terms of "digital engineering" in film, but not talking about the real situation behind these "digital engineering". In Hong Kong movies, there is also a memory of a bygone era, just like when Wen Jun recalled the rampant intrusion of gangsters into the film circle in the early 1990s: it was the darkest era of Hong Kong movies, and it was also the best time for the Hong Kong film industry. era. Filmmakers: 1. Johnnie To serves as the judge of the Venice Film Festival. The 65th Venice Film Festival will open on the 27th of next month. Hong Kong director Johnnie To, who competed for the Lion Award, was invited by the current chairman, Vin Dess, to serve as a judge. This is an affirmation of To Qifeng's director, although the Golden Lion Award has not been awarded to To Qifeng's works before. Although Hong Kong films have been declining in recent years, there are still many fans in the European and American film markets, such as Wong Kar-wai and Johnnie To. They have also become regular visitors to the three major European film festivals (Berlin Film Festival, Cannes Film Festival and Venice Film Festival). , especially John To, since last year alone, "Iron Triangle", "Detective" and "Wenque" have been screened at the Cannes Film Festival, Venice Film Festival and Berlin Film Festival respectively. However, it is worth pointing out that Hong Kong-produced films, even Chinese-language films, seem to be very popular at the Venice Film Festival or in Italy, but they are actually subject to many restrictions, and they are often more interested in certain directors or themes. , as Hong Kong film critic Rocca said in "The Cool World: Chinese Films in Italy", "The fact is, Chinese films are concerned about the difficulties in distribution, even though there are many film festival hosts and film critics who know goods and love Chinese films. Despite continuous efforts, there are still very few opportunities for films to receive public screening; research and reviews of Chinese-language films are still limited to a small circle of people. Not only Chinese-language films, but Asian films are still quite unfamiliar to the Italian audience. of". In addition, Johnnie To's film "Detective" has recently been released on a small scale in North America. 2. From August 15th to August 31st, the Hong Kong Film Archive held the film festival "Live and Modern - The Sound of the 1960s", which screened the "The Finale of Tathagata's Palm Episode 4", "Winter Love", "Eighteen and One Flowers for Girls", "Cold and Warm Youth", "Sea of Wonderful Flowers", "Yesterday, Today and Tomorrow", "The Student Prince", "Orchid" There were 16 screenings of 10 films including "Song of the Island", "One-armed God Ni" and "Jade Rakshasa". In addition, the Hong Kong Film Archive also held the exhibition "Modern Living - Looking Back at the 1960s" and published a book on the oral history of Hong Kong filmmakers in the 1960s, in conjunction with this film festival. "Hong Kong in the 1960s was full of repression (economic and social) and restlessness (young people's resistance to repression, dissatisfaction). The post-Baby Boomer generation grew up one after another, the economy improved, the industry and commerce became more prosperous, and the European and American way of life, Under the catalysis of popular culture, the new generation is eager to pursue self-identity and personality development. With the evolution of economy and society, Hong Kong movies are gradually breaking away from the simple life-like realism and writing of the past, and changing to colorful ones. Entertaining to attract young audiences; an urban modern sensibility that emphasizes changeable appearance, conforms to world trends and sensory stimulation begins to appear”, this is the introduction of this film festival, and from the list of ten works shown, its It avoided the rise of Shaw Brothers films during this period, and paid more attention to expressing the real life of young people (such as "Cold and Warm Youth", "The Student Prince") or alluding to the rebellious mentality of young people in real life (such as "One-Armed God"). , "Jade Rakshasa"), the side reflects the contradictory living conditions of young people in this period. The Hong Kong International Film Festival has held similar film festivals several times and has also screened these works and published related special issues. Film researcher Zhuo Botang also used "Cold and Warm Youth" in "The Film Language of Youth Films in the 1960s", Examples of popular film works at that time such as "Eighteen and One Flowers for Girls" and "The Student Prince" are examples. These articles or books are very good for readers to know more about the film works at that time. 3. "Hold the Call" by Chen Musheng on September 25 The thriller "Hold the Call" directed by Chen Musheng and starring Gu Tianle (Tingge blog) will be released on the National Day schedule on September 25, while the sci-fi film "Painted Skin" directed by Chen Jiashang ” launched a fierce competition at the box office. At present, the Hong Kong films that have been confirmed to be released in September include "The Sword Butterfly" (blog) directed by Ma Chucheng, "The Search" (that is, "The Daughter of Cha") co-directed by Mak Siu-fai and Chong Wenqiang, "Hold the Call" and "Painted Skin" ", and the film "Shinjuku Incident" originally scheduled to be released on September 11, directed by Er Dongsheng (blog) and starring Jackie Chan (Dingge blog), was delayed to October, and the specific time has not been determined. 4. Lin Zicong's "Big Four" on August 29 The comedy film "Big Four", originally scheduled to be released at the turn of April and May, was finally set to be released on August 29 after repeated delays. show. The Hong Kong films also released in August include Chen Qingjia's "Underwear Girl", Ye Nianchen's "Dear", Qiu Litao's "Fellow", Liu Guochang's "Bang Dao" and so on. The film is directed by up-and-coming director Lin Zicong, supervised by Yang Panpan, starring Chen Baixiang, Yuan Hua, and Chen Farong (blog), and tells the family comedy of a gambling king. Amu/Wen statement: Sina.com exclusive manuscript, please indicate the source for reprinting.