Hibbert turned from a nobody to a black version of Yao Ming, a black version of the inside axis. Sina Sports News reporter Gao Song reported that Yao Ming was still looking for the feeling of the game, but the "black version of Yao Ming" thousands of miles away has already made people's eyes shine. Averaged 18.7 points, 10 rebounds, 4.7 assists and 2.7 blocks per game, and the gorgeous data came from Roy Hibbert. The Pacers center, who is 2.18 meters tall, changed from last season's decline and broke out quickly after the start of the game. Pacers coach O'Brien described him as a "unique big man" and legend Bill Walton was full of praise for him. In a run-and-gun team like the Pacers, Hibbert, the traditional center, has gained a firm footing and has gradually become an inside axis. This young man with a style resembling Yao Ming is naturally unable to shake the status of "Warcraft" Howard's first center, and he is not even the team leader. But Hibbert is undoubtedly one of the best in the new generation of centers. When the "black version of Yao Ming" entered his third season, he has joined the Bulls' Noah, the Nets' Brook Lopez and others to set off a new wave of centers in the Eastern Conference this season. DOUBLE THE NUMBERS - FROM NOBODY TO INTERNAL AXIS Danny Granger says he can't believe his eyes because the clunky, sluggish, slightly frizzy Hibbert is gone and replaced by a reborn Excellent center. In the first three games of the season, Hibbert's points, rebounds and assists nearly doubled from last season. In the last two games, he had a total of 11 assists and only 3 turnovers, leading the Pacers to defeat the Bobcats and the 76ers successively to win two straight. But compared to the changes in weight and physical fitness, Hibbert's progress in technical sports and reading games is more gratifying. He is no longer immersed in his own work when he takes the ball as before, but will calmly observe the opponent's defensive strategy, attack if he can, and find teammates with better opportunities if he can't. At present, he is averaging 4.7 assists per game, ranking second in the team, second only to the main point guard Darren Collison's 5.7. "(Assistant coach) Vitali (Portapenco) told me that when I have the ball in the low post, I have to learn to take the time, watch the opponent's defense and look for teammates who are open," Hibbert said on October 31, Beijing time. "So I'll judge the opponent's defensive strategy first, and then I'll be able to find open players or just attack the rim," said Day. The Pacers had just beat the 76ers 99-86 at home when he finished his remarks. In the game, Hibbert not only scored 14 points and 13 rebounds "double-double", but also 5 assists. Outside players such as Dunleavy Jr. and Darren Collison have all received Hibbert's pass from the basket and made a layup. At the same time, Hibbert's personal offensive skills have also made great strides. "If you haven't seen a person for two or three months, you can easily see a change in him," Granger said in early October. "He's lost a lot of weight. When training against the pick-and-roll, he always delivers' Hot pot'. I haven't even seen him miss a hook shot since he came back to the team. Roy (Hibbert) has been outstanding, and he's proven in everything he's done for the new season. Commitment to this team." The secret of transformation--a traditional center in the run-and-gun team, Hibbert, who is 2.18 meters tall, is a rare traditional center in recent years. He has a certain low post singles skills, and he is tall and has long arms, and his shooting feel is relatively soft. For Hibbert, the half-court position naturally suits his style best. However, the Pacers coached by O'Brien advocated the method of running and hitting, which made the "black version of Yao Ming" unable to find the feeling in the first two seasons of entering the league, and was once reduced to a marginal figure. In fact, the Pacers have also realized that Hibbert is a rare insider talent in recent years. They traded away Murphy this offseason to give Hibbert plenty of room to grow. And Bill Walton's special training for Hibbert this summer is also the result of a match made by Pacers president Larry Bird. Hibbert himself is also very upbeat, losing weight on the one hand, and practicing basic skills hard on the other. After a summer, his teammates praised him. "He shoots really well, he's stronger, he looks more like a top-notch center who can really contribute to us," said guard Brandon Rush. After losing 10kg, Hibbert The body is lighter, and it can better keep up with the rhythm of the team's running and shooting. On the other hand, coach O'Brien also began to change his tactical thinking for Hibbert -- he hoped that the team could use Hibbert to launch more offensives, rather than blindly playing small balls and running and bombing. As early as during training camp, O'Brien said: "We have been working hard to develop this kid, and now he is an essential part of our offense, and our ball sometimes has to go through him. . . . ...We need to use his passing and shooting ability in the post to put pressure on opponents in the post." O'Brien's line of thinking worked. Since the start of the season, Granger is still the Pacers player with the most shots. He scored 27 points per game and is the team's scoring leader. However, Hibbert also has more room to play than last season, his average number of shots per game increased from 9.7 last season to 12.7, and the number of free throws jumped from 2.8 to 7.3. The Pacers lost to the Spurs in the season opener, but Hibbert did not hesitate to face Duncan, scoring 28 points on 10 of 17 shots, a game-high. After the Pacers beat the 76ers on October 30, 2019, reporters in Indy asked O'Brien about Hibbert. "I've said over and over again that we're going to give the ball to Roy (Hibbert) because he's a unique big man," O'Brien said. A good, unselfish passer. Our players know that." Hibbert knew what O'Brien said. "It's not that I have to score every time I get the ball, I feel like I can throw a good pass," he said. "I'm proud of finding an open teammate with a pass. I can score and I can pass. The ball and make everyone else play better." Roy Hibbert's progress this season has been welcome, but he still has a long way to go. The 2010-11 season has just begun, and there are more unknown challenges waiting for the "black version of Yao Ming".