Internet congestion is about to run out of IP addresses. Similar to the road traffic network, the Internet will also be congested. Unfortunately, methods such as "lottery" and "limit number" to relieve road traffic pressure cannot be applied to Internet communication. Since the Internet must assign an exclusive IP address to any terminal connected to the network, with the diversification of network terminals, the pressure of Internet IP address allocation is increasing. Don't think that a netizen only occupies one IP address. In modern society, many single netizens not only have desktop Internet computers, but also use mobile terminals such as notebooks, tablet computers, and smart phones to access the Internet, causing digital congestion. And the end of this congestion is what will happen in a few weeks: the Internet runs out of IP addresses. Huge congestion "In the next few weeks, IP addresses will be used up," Lorenzo Colletti, an engineer at Google, told AFP on the 22nd, "Sometimes, we are like driving a car into a wall. ." IP address is an Internet address, which is a logical address used to identify an Internet terminal. It is unique and is equivalent to the house number of a home address in life. The IP protocol used by the existing Internet is a 32-bit address called IPv4, with a total capacity of about 4.3 billion. The Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers (ICANN), headquartered in the United States, is responsible for the allocation of global Internet IP addresses, and its function is similar to the vehicle management office in the highway traffic supervision department. At this stage, this "Network Vehicle Management Office" assigns all IP addresses to five major regions in the world, and the number of IP addresses in some regions is less than the number of terminals. In the end, it can only be solved by multiple terminals sharing one IP address, but this method not only Clamping the speed of the network also leads to network security risks. In particular, when multiple users share the same IP address, as long as one user is placed on a network or judicial blacklist, all users may become suspects. Rod Beckstrom, president of the "Network Vehicle Management Institute", said that just as the increase in telephone users has forced telecom operators to upgrade their phone numbers, the continuous increase of Internet terminals makes expanding IP addresses an urgent need for Internet development. However, IP address expansion involves system-wide transformation, which is much more complicated than upgrading phone numbers. Need to expand a new generation of IP protocol came out many years ago, called IPv6. The total number of IP addresses that this protocol system can provide the Internet is an astronomical number, exactly "34 followed by 36 zeros". The concept of this number is that if there are 180 billion Internet users in the world, each of whom has 180 billion Internet terminals, and all these terminals go online at the same time, there will still be a surplus of IP addresses. Google engineer Colletti said that IPv6 is the "only long-term solution" to solve the shortage of Internet addresses; Beckstrom, president of the "Network Vehicle Management Institute", commented that once the IPv6 protocol is used, unless every cell of every netizen has a Occupy an IP address, otherwise the Internet will never be congested again. However, the protocol transformation from IPv4 to IPv6 is a huge project. Except that all end users must replace the routers or modems connecting the terminals to the Internet, all websites and Internet operators must be completely renovated to provide “IPv6 terminal access websites”. Entrance". Difficult to retrofit Backstrom expects the renovation to take several years. "But end users don't have to worry, there won't be the so-called 'IP catastrophe'." He said that after the IP address is used up, if the number of Internet end users continues to increase, there may be a situation where the Internet speed of users sharing IP addresses will slow down. For those users who use mobile Internet terminals, there will be the possibility of not being able to access the Internet, "but the Internet will not be paralyzed." The renovation project does not depend on the unilateral action of the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers. The company said that the entire Internet industry needs to act collectively, realize the necessity of transformation, and jointly promote the expansion of the Internet. The 24 hours starting at 00:1 on June 8, 2011 GMT will be the first trial day of the IPv6 protocol system. At that time, the Internet search engine Google, the social networking site "Facebook" and other websites will be the first to start the IPv6 protocol system to provide users and engineers with a testing and analysis platform. Ling Shuo (Xinhua News Agency for this newspaper's special feature)