On October 24th, the China Tourism and Resort Real Estate Value Summit Forum was successfully held. Theme: China Tourism and Resort Real Estate Value Summit Forum and the Grand Beijing Resort and Life Circle's Chief Residence Debut Ceremony Event Time: 13:30-17:00, October 24th, 2010 Venue: Beijing Great Wall Hotel Ballroom Organizer: Chongli County Government Sina Leju Organizer: Fulong Real Estate Beijing Company Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen! First of all, let me introduce myself. I am Wang Yuan from the editor-in-chief of Sina Leju. I am honored to be the host of this event. Let's move on to today's theme. China's tourism has entered a leisure-led post-tourism era. 2020 In 2010, China will become the first country in the world in terms of tourism revenue. In the same period, the total sales of global tourism and leisure real estate can reach as high as 100 billion US dollars. The current residential market is under tight regulation. The resort real estate built on the rich natural tourism resources has unrepeatable natural landscapes, leisure facilities and investment value. Interpret the latest policies, explore the value of real estate, and have a dialogue on the relationship between real estate and the tourism and holiday industry. I believe This grand event will definitely become the vane of the industry. In addition, the lottery draw of Tang INN, which has attracted much attention, does not know who will win. First of all, please allow me to introduce the guests present today. They are: Zhang Weiming, Secretary of the Disciplinary Committee of Chongli County, Zhangjiakou, Zhang Weiming, Secretary of the Political and Legal Committee of Chongli County, Zhangjiakou Expert member of the committee, deputy director and expert group leader of the Human Settlement Environment Committee of China Real Estate and Housing Research Association Kai Yan, vice president of China Real Estate Society Chen Guoqiang, executive vice president of China Urban Development Research Institute Zhang Huisheng, partner of Huishi Investment Zhang Jian Sina, who lives in Beijing Customer Director Ye Qing Sina Leju Beijing area editor-in-chief Wang Cheng, Chairman of Fulong Group Wang Cheng, General Manager of Fulong Group Beijing Branch Zhao Hong also invited more than 20 mainstream media in Beijing today, let us now express our warmest wishes to all the guests present welcome! First of all, I would like to invite Yu Youbin, deputy magistrate of Chongli County, Zhangjiakou to give a speech. Yu Youbin: Distinguished guests, ladies and gentlemen, good afternoon! It is a pleasure to meet you here. Chongli is located in the northwest of Beijing, 220 kilometers away from Beijing. It has more than 210 towns and towns, with a total population of 126,000 and an area of 2,334 square kilometers. It is located in the convergence area of the North China Plain and the Inner Mongolia Plateau. Ski resorts, two national-level residential scenic spots and weathering sites, and cultural landscapes create an extraordinary four-season tourism industry, enjoying flowers in spring, summer escape, autumn viewing, and winter skiing. As a key county in Hebei Province, relying on its resource advantages, the government of Chongli County has accelerated the development of tourism industry and project construction. . It is expected that the number of tourists will reach 1 million this year, and the tourism revenue will reach 450 million. The construction of the transportation network has brought a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to promote development. On September 28, 2010, it only took two hours for the Beijing-Tibet Expressway to open from Beijing to Chongli. After the completion of the Beijing-Tibet High-speed Railway in 2013, it only took 40 minutes from Beijing to Zhangjiakou. Up to now, foreign investment has exceeded 10 billion yuan, and a large number of key projects Construction started one after another, and the large investment in the project has driven the vigorous development of industries in our county, such as Oriental Alps Town, Tang INN Town, with a total development area of 1.2 million square meters and a total investment of about 5 billion yuan, of which Zhangjiakou, which is invested by Fulong Group The Tang INN hot spring hotel apartment developed and constructed by the first phase of the construction project of Dixin Real Estate Development Co., Ltd., from the overall planning and design, architectural style, refined decoration standards, small to landscape, home interior decoration, all highlight the special features of famous enterprises. I believe that this project can greatly improve the ecological living environment and bring a breakthrough upgrade to Chongli tourism industry. Finally, everyone is welcome to invest in Chongli. The biggest business opportunities are waiting for you. Welcome to Chongli for tourism and vacation, and Chongli welcomes all directions with a smile. Guest, welcome people with fate, thank you all. Moderator: The project in the national-level scenic area with lush four seasons has become a hot project. In 2008, Chongli was listed as one of the 19 special counties in the leisure and tourism industry belt. The Chongli County government invested more than 3 billion yuan Make every effort to create an ecological environment. Next, I would like to invite Wang Cheng, chairman of Fulong Group, to make a keynote speech, please. Wang Cheng: Hello, leaders, distinguished guests, and friends from the media! I am Wang Cheng, Chairman of Fulong Group. I would like to thank the organizer for the invitation to discuss tourism city development and tourism city real estate development. This forum is an extraordinary meeting for both tourism real estate developers and tourism real estate investors. , is an ideological feast not to be missed. Our group was founded in 1998. The business scope of the group covers Beijing, Tianjin, Shanxi, Hebei and other core provinces and cities. It is involved in coal, mining, real estate development, microfinance, five-star hotels and golf. industry. The number of employees is nearly 2,000, and the total assets of the group are 1 billion yuan. Real estate is one of the main businesses that our group concentrates on. The new real estate policy has greatly restricted the investment and speculative requirements of the real estate market. In addition to rigid demand, improvement demand, investment demand, return home demand and leisure vacation demand will all turn to outdoor leisure and vacation real estate. The crowding-out effect of first-tier cities will provide more purchasing power for permanent and unique tourism resources and livable vacation projects. In recent years, my country's tourism real estate has developed vigorously, and tourism has been recognized by the state as a strategic emerging industry. In order to encourage and guide the healthy and rapid development of tourism, the central government and governments at all levels have issued a series of positive policies and guidance. Some coastal cities and cities with local characteristics saw the opportunities brought by tourism to the regional economy, and began to increase the development of tourism economy. With the country's vigorous development of leisure business, my country's per capita living standard has improved significantly, so the leisure and vacation industry has rapidly formed a comprehensive industrial chain integrating clothing, food, housing, transportation, leisure and shopping, which has prompted tourism real estate to usher in a space development opportunity. From the perspective of appreciation potential, At present, tourism and vacation real estate is recognized as the real estate with the most investment value. Chongli County is located in the leisure tourism industry belt around Beijing and Tianjin in Hebei Province. Zhangjiakou has developed a 4+3 industrial core area. The Chongli County Government aims to build an internationally renowned four-season tourism emerging city, and vigorously promotes the agricultural resource-based city project, which is ecologically suitable. The transformation of residential and tourist resort cities, here I would like to introduce to you the four seasons tourism resources of Chongli County. The folk customs of Chongli County are simple and the rolling mountains form a unique climate change. The mountains are full of flowers after the spring, the air is cool in summer, and the leaves are very beautiful in autumn. In winter, there is the largest Wanlong Ski Resort in North China. And so on, it deeply attracts ski lovers at home and abroad. Chongli's good investment environment has also attracted powerful international and domestic companies to invest in projects. Up to now, the most investment this year has exceeded 10 billion. Our group is optimistic about Chongli's hidden hidden The economic value of the huge development potential, hire international top planning units and domestic well-known construction companies to support and deploy the best marketing teams to develop and build a super-scale ecological community that integrates several major ski resorts and forest parks. The Tang INN hot spring apartment developed in the future not only has beautiful scenery, allowing the owners to live in different reverses, but more importantly, it creates irreplaceable life enjoyment. The 6,000-square-meter clubhouse meets all the social needs of modern life. The original ecological restaurant allows the owners to enjoy local delicacies. The 3,600-meter underground hot springs are mined, and the minerals are extremely rich. The five-star Fulong Group and Golf are actively under construction. I believe that our project will contribute to the urban development of Chongli County and the love of forests. , The people who yearn for life are another good news. Finally, on behalf of all the staff of the group, I sincerely invite guests and friends from home and abroad to Chongli, to go to Tang Inn and Fulong Hotel for leisure and vacation, appreciate the delicious food and beautiful scenery, and wish everyone good health and smooth work. I would like to comment on property navigation: