The strongest youth army duel the Thunder first, who is the boss in the northwest region? Sina Sports News In today's game, the Oklahoma City Thunder defeated the Portland Trail Blazers 107-106 in overtime. This is the Thunder's second Northwest Regional War of the season. They currently maintain 1 win in the civil war. 1 negative record. This season, the East has risen and it is full of splendor, while the West has been lackluster. Last season, the Southwest Division fell. Before the start of the season, because of Kevin Durant's growing voice, the Thunder had become one of the most optimistic teams in the Western Conference. They even believed that the Thunder was the only team with a chance to bring down the Western Conference champion Lakers. As for the Blazers, two years in a row in the first round, coupled with Greg Oden's never-ending injury, has discouraged fans, and it's a bit of a "getting old if you don't win" feeling. Of course, the Blazers were not willing to let the Thunder take the banner of the leader of the youth army, and from the performance of the opening stage, the Thunder did not have the strength to book the title of the Northwest King. Coupled with the jazz and Nuggets full of unease, the Northwest Regional War will be very good, and as the main event, the Trail Blazers vs. Thunder, the first meeting, the sparkling fight to overtime proves that this statement is true. The two teams are in charge of rebuilding the youth army, but the weakness is also very obvious at present. It goes without saying that they are stretched on the inside. In addition, there are a lot of turbulence hidden under the thriving appearance. The Blazers' point guard position is already stretched. Last season, team leader Brandon Roy publicly stated that he was incompatible with the old point guard Andre Miller. Traded away Jared Bayless. Now they can only count on rookie Almon Johnson to take Miller's gun. In the two games against the Bulls and the Bucks, he got 12 minutes and 19 minutes of playing time respectively, both scored 10 points, sent 2 assists and 5 assists. In this game, the old Miller still played the whole game, and he accounted for 11 of the team's 27 assists. The Blazers are counting on the rookie to take the lead in the future, but today the Thunder performed even worse in assists, with only 12 total assists for the team. In fact, the Thunder had poor assists in the previous four games, 17-21 against the Bulls, 16-16 against the Pistons, 10-32 against the Jazz, and 17-22 against the Clippers. Not to mention the big defeat against the Jazz, it is a miracle to lose against an underdog like the Clippers. Compared with the Blazers, the Thunder are a little worse on the bench. Today, 4 players from the Thunder bench played, and only two scored, with a total of 18 points, 9 rebounds and 2 assists, while the Blazers played with all 3 players and scored 20 points, 6 rebounds and 5 assists. The comparison between the two teams is comparable to a draw. The Blazers, who have a large number of soldiers and a wide range of soldiers, are currently affected by off-field factors, while the Thunder have a neat staff. The next time they meet again, the situation may be very different. (Chun Shui Fangsheng)