Australian wild dolphins perform water walking stunts with their tails (photo) Australian wild dolphins perform water walking stunts with their tails Australian wild dolphins perform water walking stunts with their tails , Under normal circumstances, only dolphins who have undergone long-term artificial training can skillfully perform "tail walking" stunts on the water. But scientists have recently been surprised to find that a group of wild dolphins living in the waters of Adelaide, Australia, can also have this difficult skill. We often see dolphins performing "tail walking" in dolphinariums. Dolphins stand upright on the water surface and use their powerful tails to paddle the water and push their bodies back continuously. Therefore, scientists speculate that the "tail walking" skills of this group of wild dolphins may have come from a dolphin named "Billy". "Billy" is a wild female bottlenose dolphin. Around 1980, a disease-ridden "Billy" was found on a pier and rescued into a dolphinarium. There, "Billy" received the best treatment and care. After making a full recovery, it was returned to the sea. It was during his brief recovery in the dolphinarium that "Billy" saw other dolphins perform "tail walking" and learned this particular skill. After returning to the sea, "Billy" taught the skill to other wild dolphins. Dr Mike Bosley of the Australian Cetacean Conservation Society has been observing wild dolphins off Adelaide for many years. Since "Billy" returned to the sea, he can often see "Billy" performing "Tail Walk". About five years ago, another female dolphin, "Vivi," also started the same performance, even more coordinated and more exciting than "Billy". Bosley has since discovered that a third dolphin has learned the same skill. Scientists speculate that this behavior may be a way of communication, a kind of animal culture. If "tail walking" is really a cultural behavior, it will surely become popular among local wild dolphin groups and even be inherited by the next generation of dolphins. Scientists have been trying to find relevant evidence. Bowsley said that the Australian Cetacean Conservation Society will continue to observe this group of wild dolphins and record their behavior and performance. In order to prove that dolphins have the ability to learn, scientists have previously conducted experiments on a dolphin named "Lilly". They inserted electrodes into the dolphin's pleasure center and pain center, and when an electric current was passed through the electrodes to stimulate the dolphin's pleasure center or pain center, it would produce pleasure or pain. The dolphins were then trained to touch small pieces of metal on their heads to control the current on and off. If the electrode is inserted into the pain center of the dolphin, the dolphin will choose the small metal piece that cuts off the power after training 20 times, so that the pain will disappear. A monkey, on the other hand, would need hundreds of training sessions to learn to control a switch. This shows that in some ways dolphins are more capable of learning. Cathy Williamson, an advocate for the "anti-captivity campaign" of the Australian Cetacean Conservation Society, believes that the behavior of Adelaide's wild dolphins is proof of their intelligence. This is one of the evidence that wild dolphins are not suitable for captivity. Dolphins in captivity simply cannot truly express their natural behavior and simply cannot form normal social groups with other animals. In the aquarium, the dolphins are able to perform a variety of wonderful jumping movements according to the instructions of the trainer, and seem to understand the information transmitted by humans and take action. Williamson said that as a highly intelligent animal, dolphins are very empathetic and can even communicate with children to a certain extent. In particular, the various movements of dolphins are gentle and sensitive, which can stimulate the dormant nerve cells of children with autism, so they are also used clinically to treat children with autism. Dolphins are highly skilled and intelligent marine mammals. After special training, they can even perform difficult movements such as playing table tennis and jumping through fire rings. Apart from humans, dolphins have the most developed brains of any animal. The human brain accounts for about 2.1% of its body weight, while the dolphin's brain accounts for 1.7% of its body weight. Dolphin brains are made up of two parts that are completely separated, and when one part is working, the other part is fully rested, so they can sleep for a lifetime. Dolphins rely on echolocation to determine the distance, direction, location, shape, and even the nature of objects. Some people do experiments, blindfold the dolphin's eyes, muddy the water, and they can quickly and accurately chase the food thrown to it. (Liu Yan) Related reports: American dolphins perform aerial leap and crash into companions and die