Sina Sports News The Hornets started the new season with 4 wins and 0 losses, and their head guard Chris Paul played a big role. In the Hornets' 96-93 home win over the Heat today, Paul even put on a good show of fighting the Big Three alone, which made people addicted. As soon as the game started, the Hornets showed that they were fully prepared for the game. On the defensive end, the Hornets took advantage of the slightly lacking shooting ability of the Heat's starting lineup. They desperately shrank their defense, making the Heat's offense very difficult. On the offensive end, the Hornets' strongest weapon is Paul. Paul shuttled through the Heat's position like a butterfly wearing a flower, and regarded the Heat's defense as nothing. In the first quarter, the Hornets made 13 goals, 10 of which were directly related to Paul. He provided 9 assists and 1 goal in a single quarter. If the Hornets hit the Heat's key defense is the reason they took the lead in the opening, then Paul's performance throughout the game is the magic weapon for the Hornets to maintain their advantage. After helping the Hornets to a 29-17 lead in the first quarter, Paul took the break at the start of the second quarter. After Paul rested for half a quarter, the Hornets' benches still struggled to maintain the lead at 36-30 on defense. Paul's appearance was a shot in the arm for the Hornets. Although Paul only provided 1 assist in the remaining half, his effect on the team was immeasurable. With 1 minute and 50 seconds left in the first half, the Hornets insider Jason Smith destroyed Dwyane Wade's ball. Seeing that the ball was about to go out of the bottom line, Paul jumped up and prepared to save the ball. Paul's performance was just beginning when he took off, and after he got the ball in the air, he immediately turned around and passed a slamming pass. I saw the basketball inconceivably passed through the three Heat defensive players. The ball even passed through the crotch of Carlos Arroyo and went directly to Trevor Ariza, who had already run to the half court. At this time, the Hornets had already Formed a fast break opportunity, and finally Belinelli dunk to end the attack. In the fourth quarter, the game became more and more intense, but Paul played very freely. When there were less than three minutes left in the game, Paul first stole James, and then a pick-and-roll passed the ball to Okafor inside, who made a steady hit, and this was Paul's 18th assist in the game. When there were 14 seconds left in the game, the Hornets were only leading by 1 point. Paul broke into the inside with the ball and attracted the defense of four players. At this time, Paul saw Ariza, who was lying in ambush in the bottom corner. The latter's three-pointer made the game. The exciting game finally came to an end. In the whole game, Paul had 13 points, 19 assists and 5 steals. This is Paul's declaration. He showed everyone that he is the number one point guard today. While the Celtics' Rajon Rondo was in great shape at the start of the new season, his performance on that star-studded team was still slightly worse than Paul's. Paul single-handedly led an underwhelming team to a 5-0 start, which is what a top point guard can do best. (268)