Liang Yusheng retired from the Jianghu for many years and said that he has not been out (photo) Liang Yusheng, formerly known as Chen Wentong, was born in Mengshan, Guangxi, and taught at Lingnan University. Since the serialization of the first martial arts novel "Dragon and Tiger Fighting in Beijing" in "New Evening News" in 1954, there have been "Ping Zong Xia Records", "The Legend of the White-Haired Witch ()", "The Legend of Saiwai Qixia", "Ping Zong Xia" in 30 years. 35 popular martial arts novels, including Seven Swords Down the Tianshan Mountains (blog), were published. He is regarded as the founder of new martial arts novels. A few days ago, Liang Yusheng, who has retired from the "Jianghu" for a long time, launched his own collection of essays, "Six Flowers in a Pen", which surprised many readers who love martial arts. They only know that Liang Yusheng's martial arts novels are good, but they don't know that he is also good at prose Essay. This collection of essays written by Liang Yusheng after he "sealed the sword" was revised by him when he was over eighty years old, and 12 of these works are the first appearances. Seeing this familiar text again, it is inevitable that people are curious about the current life of this "hidden man". The reporter finally contacted Liang Yusheng, who was recuperating in Australia, and conducted an exclusive interview on his situation across the ocean... Compulsory repair Rereading the poems in class now recalls that all the decisions made in those years were correct, and being able to share family relationships with family members is one of the great joys in life. To celebrate the 90th birthday of his teacher, Professor Jao Tsung-I, a master of Sinology, he was admitted to hospital for mild stroke after attending these activities. At the beginning of 2007, Liang Yusheng lived in Sydney, Australia, and has been in the recovery stage since then. In an interview with a reporter from the Morning Post this time, Liang Yusheng said happily that he has recovered more than half of his life. Liang Yusheng said with a smile that his current life is very leisurely, "Although I am still living in a nursing home, my family members take time to visit me every day, and some old friends from Hong Kong and Beijing also call to talk about the past and present. I haven’t done any writing, but in my spare time, I will recite ancient poems and read different annotations of these poems. Rereading poems has become an important thing in my life now, and it is also a must-do homework every day. It immerses me in the It is a beautiful enjoyment!" Liang Yusheng said frankly that it is his blessing to be able to enjoy the care of family and friendship in his old age. The reason why he moved to Australia before was mainly because he had more time to spend with his family, even early The previous "sealing the pen" was also for the family. "Now that I recall all the decisions I made back then, it is a great joy in life to be able to share a family relationship with my family!" My knowledge is still not up to the mark. I had no choice but to create my own ideas and have a conversation with Liang Yusheng. It is difficult to avoid the topic of martial arts, but Liang Yusheng said that he has said too much about it, and he can't find it. A point of discussion that will keep you and your readers interested. So this time, he avoided the creation of martial arts literature and talked about his origins with Chinese weapons. "I remember when I first wrote martial arts novels, there was a place where the judge pen was written, but I had never seen what the judge pen was like, and the creation was stuck here. I had no choice but to steal it from the works of the senior masters. Teacher', but I couldn't copy it completely, so I made some changes in places that I thought were 'irrelevant' and exaggerated a lot, and finally published it in the newspapers and was criticized by experts." Liang Yusheng recalled That little episode was still interesting. "The expert pointed out that, according to the description I wrote, the judge pen would not only fail to touch the other's acupuncture points, but would injure himself. But later I found out that the expert didn't understand weapons either. , it’s just talking about weapons on paper. Since then, I have started to study Chinese weapons.” When Liang Yusheng really started to study weapons, he realized that if he wanted to write “seriously” and “have evidence”, he would really It's hard to write. So he changed "realism" to "freehand brushwork" and created his own ideas. "In the beginning of the description of martial arts in my writing, I looked for inspiration from the poems of the ancients, such as: 'The desert is solitary, and the long river is setting the sun'. Many of them are fictitious, and there is no such thing in the world. I still fail to pass the knowledge of Chinese weapons and martial arts.