Sina Leju exclusively hosts the International LOHAS Real Estate Forum. The second China International LOHAS Forum will be held from December 12th to 13th, 2009 in the Grand Ballroom of Grand Hyatt Beijing, for two days. Consists of 5 half-court events. At the same time, the sub-forum of Sina Leju "Lohas Real Estate" will start simultaneously with the main forum at 14:00 on December 12, 2009. Jieshi Sina Leju will invite real estate representatives, architects, environmental protection authorities, etc. of China's "LOHAS Real Estate" brand to conduct in-depth discussions with the guests of the main forum on the current situation, development and internationalization process of "LOHAS Real Estate". . The 2nd International LOHAS Forum will adhere to the purpose of the 1st International LOHAS Forum held in Beijing in May 2008, and will be a high-end professional forum with the theme of "LOHAS Development" and "LOHAS Industry", and will make every effort to improve the participants. At the level of guests, participating companies and individuals, it brings together authorities in the LOHAS field from mainland China, Taiwan, Japan, Europe and the United States, and leaders of LOHAS companies and LOHAS organizations to communicate and share the latest trends in the development of LOHAS internationally. , the latest trends of LOHAS enterprises and LOHAS industry, the latest information of LOHAS market and LOHAS consumers. Li Haoyuan, project director of the International LOHAS Forum, said: "Since the introduction of International LOHAS Fashion to China in 2005, under the promotion of Dr. Shen Li, the forerunner of LOHAS in China, based on the many commonalities between LOHAS fashion and oriental culture, the The LOHAS trend with health, happiness, organic, ecology and sustainability as its core concepts has begun to develop rapidly in China, and has penetrated into many aspects such as ideology, lifestyle, investment methods, production methods, and consumption methods.” He continued: "The 2nd China International LOHAS Conference will become a platform for domestic and foreign LOHAS companies and institutions to share information, communicate, negotiate and cooperate; let Chinese LOHAS companies and institutions understand the development of international LOHAS, and also Let the international LOHAS community hear the voice of China LOHAS". The theme of this year's LOHAS Forum is "Organic·Ecological·Sustainable·LOHAS·Fashion", and there are several seminars including LOHAS World, Chinese Countryside, High Touch Industry, LOHAS Industry, and LOHAS Experience. . All the guests and representatives can not only listen to the wonderful speeches of LOHAS masters from all over the world, but also have the opportunity to experience the meditation breathing method of Subodhi, a professional trainer from the Pune International Retreat Center in India, and Zhang Mingliang, an internationally renowned health expert. Mr.'s five elements and five-tone health regimen, and enjoy the Tai Chi yoga performance by Ms. Lin Min, a famous Chinese yoga instructor. The speakers invited to participate in this LOHAS Forum include Dr. Shen Li, the initiator of LOHAS in China and from Beijing Normal University; Liao Xiaoyi, environmental protection consultant of the Beijing 2008 Olympic Organizing Committee and director of the Beijing Global Village Environmental Education Center; Chang Qiao Runling; Zhang Mingliang, an internationally renowned health expert; Yu Chongzheng, founder of China's earliest organic supermarket, founder and general manager of Lohas City; Li Yan, founder of Phoenix Farm, the first biodynamic farm in Beijing; Tai Tai, head of the American website lohas.com Ted Ning; German famous energy therapy instructor, Subodhi, known as "trainer's trainer"; Finnish scientist John Moore; Japanese pioneer and leader in the field of LOHAS Character, editor-in-chief of the famous LOHAS magazine "SOTOKOTO under the tree", Xiaohe Yisan; author of "Water Knows the Answer", Dr. Emoto Katsuya; Japanese architect and designer of Beijing Xinsanlitun, Kuma Goo; China Sustainable Tourism Association (CSTA) Officers Mr. Fernando and Ms. Zhong Dandan; Lin Min, instructor of Rhythm Yoga (Kryoga) of Asian Academy of Physical Fitness (AASFP); Liu Kefeng, Design Director of Vantone Real Estate (Corporate Zone, its properties); Prince Charles Foundation, Greenpeace, Jane ·Representatives of domestic and foreign NGOs such as Goode Research Institute, International Fund for Animal Welfare, China Youth Action Network on Climate Change, etc. The exclusive title sponsor of this forum is Shenzhen Huayu Group. On the 3rd of this month, China Development Bank Co., Ltd. officially signed a development finance cooperation agreement with Huayu Group, with a cooperation intention of 10 billion yuan, focusing on supporting the construction of Huayu Group's Shenzhen Eastern Transit Expressway and other expressway projects. And seek cooperation space in the development of ecological civilization industries such as leisure health care and organic agriculture in Bama, Guangxi. Sponsoring this LOHAS Forum is by no means a temporary move by Huayu Group. They are currently planning to invest and develop world-class leisure health and organic agriculture development projects in Bama, Guangxi, which has unique ecological health conditions and is known as the "Hometown of Longevity in the World". The successful development of this project will bring good news to the Lohas around the world. This forum is hosted by Beijing Oriental Lohas International Cultural Exchange Center, and the whole process is planned and undertaken by VariArts Travel Ltd. The forum sincerely invites government officials, entrepreneurs, media and social elites who are concerned about the development of China's LOHAS industry and LOHAS business. Representatives of domestic and foreign NGOs such as the China Youth Climate Change Action Network. The exclusive title sponsor of this forum is Shenzhen Huayu Group. On the 3rd of this month, China Development Bank Co., Ltd. officially signed a development finance cooperation agreement with Huayu Group, with a cooperation intention of 10 billion yuan, focusing on supporting the construction of Huayu Group's Shenzhen Eastern Transit Expressway and other expressway projects. And seek cooperation space in the development of ecological civilization industries such as leisure health care and organic agriculture in Bama, Guangxi. Sponsoring this LOHAS Forum is by no means a temporary move by Huayu Group. They are currently planning to invest and develop world-class leisure health and organic agriculture development projects in Bama, Guangxi, which has unique ecological health conditions and is known as the "Hometown of Longevity in the World". The successful development of this project will bring good news to the Lohas around the world. Main Forum: "Organic, Ecology, Sustainability, LOHAS, Fashion" Theme Forum Time: December 12-13, 2009 Venue: Grand Ballroom of Grand Hyatt Hotel Beijing Sub-forum: "Lohas Real Estate Happy Life" theme Real Estate Summit Time: 14:00, December 12, 2009 Venue: Conference Hall of Grand Hyatt Hotel Beijing Participating organizations: Sina Leju, all organizations and representatives of international LOHAS, well-known LOHAS real estate developers in Beijing, representatives of commercial organizations , Architectural planning leaders, etc. Organizers: Beijing Oriental Lohas International Cultural Exchange Center, Sina Leju Co-organizers: Liuyi Tourism Culture Co., Ltd. Honorary Party of Education Center: Japan Lohas Association, American Lohas Association, Greenpeace China, China European Union Association, Chinese Elite Association, etc. Speakers: Dr. Shen Li, the founder of LOHAS China, Beijing Normal University; Beijing 2008 Olympic Organizing Committee Environmental Protection Liao Xiaoyi, consultant and director of Beijing Global Village Environmental Education Center; Qiao Runling, director of the National Development and Reform Commission’s Small Town Pilot Office; Zhang Mingliang, an internationally renowned health expert; Yu Chongzheng, founder of China’s earliest organic supermarket, founder and general manager of LOHAS; Beijing’s first biotech company Li Yan, founder of Phoenix Farm, Power Farm; Ted Ning, head of LOHAS Forum in the United States; Subodhi, a famous German energy therapy instructor, known as "trainer's trainer"; Finland John Moore, a scientist in the field of global change and earth system science; a pioneer and leader in the field of LOHAS, Japan, and the editor-in-chief of the famous LOHAS magazine "SOTOKOTO under the tree"; Japanese architect, Beijing New Sanlitun Designer Kuma Go; Author of "Water Knows the Answer" Dr. Jiang Bensheng; China Sustainable Tourism Association (CSTA) officials Mr. Fernando and Ms. Zhong Dandan; Asian Academy of Physical Fitness (AASFP) Rhythm Yoga (Kryoga) Instructor Lin Min ; Liu Kefeng, Design Director of Vantone Real Estate; Prince Charles Foundation; Greenpeace; Jane Goode Research Institute; Hotline: 010-58951271 Email: shilei@leju.sina.com.cn Mr. Shi's meeting process: I want to comment