Scientists Unravel the Mystery of the Iceman Oates' Identity 5,000 Years Ago "Since its discovery, its true identity has remained a mystery. The researchers solved the mystery after analyzing hair samples taken from the clothes of "Oates the Iceman" - it turned out that he was a herdsman before his death. "Otzi the Iceman" is one of the best-preserved and oldest mummies in the world. Before his body froze and turned into a mummy, "Oates the Iceman" wore a sheepskin jacket, shin guards and cowhide shoes for the last part of his life. This all happened 5000 years ago. "Otzi the Iceman" apparently traveled a long distance in the Schnarstal Glacier in the Italian Alps before his death, and the latest research has revealed more secrets about the life of "Otzi the Iceman" before his death. The body of "Oates the Iceman" was accidentally discovered by a German tourist in 1991 and immediately became a global sensation. At first, researchers thought he died not long ago. From the day he was discovered, Oates the Iceman underwent a series of tests, from which scientists obtained information on his last-minute condition, from his last meal (unleavened bread and meat) to the cause of his death . In 2007, Swiss and Italian scientists used modern technology to successfully decipher the cause of his death - head trauma. However, the identity of "Oates the Iceman" remains a mystery, and the latest discovery provides clues in this regard. The researchers said the fact that he was wearing clothing made from livestock fur suggested that Oates the Iceman might have been a herder, but the attire made from wild animal fur supported the idea that he was a hunter. Although the clothes he was wearing are known to be sewn from animal skins, their exact origin is uncertain, and some previous studies have contradicted each other. The new findings support the idea that Oates the Iceman is a herdsman. In the study, the researchers used mass spectrometry to look for various proteins in hair samples taken from Oates the Iceman's clothes, and then compared the results with proteins taken from the hair of modern animals such as goats, moose and wild boars. Mass spectrometers measure the weight and concentration of atoms and molecules. Klaus Hollemeyer, a researcher at Saarland University in Germany who led the study, said: "We found hair on sheep and cattle, the type of hair that herders tend to when the animals migrate seasonally. Animals." The findings appear in the latest issue of the journal Rapid Communications in Mass Spectrometry. (Xiaowen) Iceman Oates adds a new mystery The sheepskin coat he wears is produced in China