CRIC listing upgrades Netizen-side service to launch Leju Home Buying Day 2.0 On October 21, 2009, "Hundreds of billions of Sina Leju Home Buying Day 2.0 Upgrade Conference" was held in Runze Manor Club, Runze Yuexi, Beijing OCT (enterprise area) , its properties), Tunsanli, R&F and other new red properties participated in the on-site activities, witnessing the comprehensive upgrade of the new platform for property market marketing. From November 15, 2008 "Ocean-Qinshanshui Leju Home Purchase Day" to October 20, Sina Leju Home Purchase Day held a total of 103 activities, nearly 60,000 netizens participated, and the transaction figure was nearly 15 billion yuan. Covering the hot real estate in Beijing, it has achieved hundreds of marketing feats of over 10 billion. The picture shows that on October 16, CRIC was successfully listed on NASDAQ We will provide more professional and effective services to netizens through the activities of Leju House Buying Day. On the basis of the original activities, Leju Home Buying Day has added the vivid and practical 400 call center and the advantageous resources of Sina Leju Club, and has fully integrated the lottery system and database. At the same time, professional activity companies have joined to provide offline services for home buying days The full service brings higher service efficiency to the project and higher service standards for the buyers. The upgraded version 2.0 of Home Buying Day realizes a comprehensive combination of marketing methods, which is helpful for the 2009 Leju Home Buying Day to continue writing the myth of the property market. Representatives of developers who participated in the event said on the spot that the conference was of great significance to the real estate industry. It not only allowed the front-line traders to have a more comprehensive and in-depth understanding of Leju, but also set up a relationship between the majority of home buyers and developers. A broader communication bridge will have an immeasurable role in promoting the healthy development of integrated real estate. It is understood that so far, Sina Leju Home Buying Day has covered all the hot new houses such as Ocean Qinshanshui, Yuexi, Beijing China World Trade Center, Tunsanli, Jingzhou Shijia, etc., and the market share has reached more than 70%. With an impressive performance, it has created a brand marketing campaign approved by netizens and the market with a turnover of nearly 15 billion yuan. i want to comment