Scientists will go deep into Costa Rica's forests to find golden toads (Photos) The rarest frogs, including the golden toad, were last seen about 20 years ago. A team of scientists from the University of Manchester and Chester Zoo will search Costa Rica for traces of these highly endangered animals. The global amphibian population has plummeted, in part because of a deadly fungus. The situation is particularly dire in Costa Rica. "The highlands of Costa Rica were once important biodiversity hotspots - but in many places, amphibian numbers have declined significantly," said expedition leader Andrew Gray of the University of Manchester Museum. In the late 1990s, herpetologists around the world discovered an unprecedented decline in amphibian populations, but they couldn't find a reason. A decade later, researchers isolated a previously unknown fungus, Batrachochytrium dendrobatidis, that was responsible for the decline of amphibians by suffocating them through epidermal respiration. More recently, scientists involved in the Global Amphibian Assessment said one-third of amphibians are at risk of extinction, while some 120 species have gone extinct since the 1980s. Diseases caused by the chytrid fungus are believed by many to be an important factor in the plummeting amphibian population. Other causes include habitat destruction and climate change. Countries in Central America, where chytrid is ravaged, are particularly hard hit. Efforts are currently underway to protect all remaining species in the area. Gray said: "My colleagues and I have spent the past 10 years working to secure the future of frogs that have not gone extinct so far. One of the big things I've been doing is doing a lot of research at the Manchester Museum for a number of very rare species Build breeding populations, including a variety of very good looking leaf frogs. In addition, I've been working with Costa Rican authorities and scientists to take conservation measures where rare frogs are found." Last year, Gray discovered Ithsmohyla rivularis in the Monteverde forest. , a frog thought to have gone extinct about 20 years ago. "Last year, I found this frog, thought to be extinct at the same time as the golden toad, and it's incredible, you know, it's the rarest tree frog in the world," he said. Now he has a license from Costa Rica authorities. Special approval to collect some frog samples to bring back to Manchester. He said: "We are re-searching the area in the hope of finding more samples. It is not easy to find them because they live deep in the Monteverde forest, they are only a few centimeters long and only in the dead of night. When the time comes, plus, while the males sing, the females don't." The rediscovery of Ithsmohyla rivularis has driven the team to try to search for another species of golden toad (Bufo pereglines). Scientists had only seen this colorful amphibian in 1966, and it has become a symbol of the plummeting amphibian population. In 1987, there were about 1,500 of the toad, but it disappeared from that rainforest just two years later. "We'll be trekking through an area where this golden toad has thrived in the past," Gray said. "The odds of finding it are slim to none, but as last year's discovery showed us, never say no." Poisonous toad has become an Australian crocodile killer and has killed a large number of monitor lizards