Tearful recommendation: I write to Chinese students studying abroad who want to prepare themselves psychologically. Hope you all read it too. Thank you all for your support. Someone said to me, "You think you're amazing when you go abroad?" People who go abroad, there's nothing amazing, really. But after going abroad, each of us is amazing. We say this because we have ups and downs that other people can't understand, and we have seen and experienced too much anger and helplessness. But never wanting to tell it doesn't mean we don't have a story. On the contrary, we have so many stories that we no longer make a fuss about it, or it should be said that we don't have the time or energy to think about how to tell it. Whether foreigners yearn for themselves or come to a foreign country for other reasons, from the first step of arriving in a foreign country, we have a common name, foreigners. A foreigner, as the name suggests, is a person from an outside country, a person who does not belong to one's own country. There is a so-called difference between the outside and the inside. The local population is very careful to avoid using the word "difference" to describe this so-called difference, and avoid using words with advantages and disadvantages, but how can this be? Where are the stark differences in real life? Renting a house, going to school, looking for a job, and even spending are all included. The name foreigner always reminds us that this is not home, so don't imagine equality, don't expect sympathy, and in the end, the only one who can help yourself is yourself, and you must gradually learn to love yourself. Distorted hearts We have to admit that our hearts are distorted, at least not normal, and we live in an otherwise abnormal environment. From stepping into other people's country, we must learn to plan carefully, learn to be conscientious, learn to keep ourselves clean, learn to face oil, salt, sauce and vinegar, face pots and pans, and face the warmth of the world. I fell down and got up, I understood, I became sensible, I fell a lot, I got used to it, I became strong, and I became withdrawn. We have to rely on ourselves for big things and small things, so we are getting stronger and stronger, and we are not used to other people's concern; Our impetuousness, our selfishness, go upstream, making our lonely beauty pitiful. This is not hysteria. All the familiar possessions disappeared overnight, and replaced by another world that was incompatible with him. Who would laugh comfortably? Paradise is not abroad. Abroad is not paradise. Even if you say it to people who travel, they will not believe it. We are not here to travel, we all understand how to face the gray spring, summer, autumn and winter that we will travel abroad next. There are no angels here, nor paradise, at least for our group called foreigners. Say, this is definitely not heaven. Even when we understand it ourselves, it has been a long time since we were abroad. Time Time goes by so fast abroad, thirty-six hours a day is not enough, because we have to spend too much time and energy on some small things that we once thought were insignificant. Laundry and sweeping, boiling water for cooking, sewing and mending, our ideals are not great. When I come back from work at night, I will always be more excited. Even if I want to go to sleep, I can't sleep. The body is very tired and wants to sleep, but the spirit is still tossing. So when I went to bed every day, I realized that I had advanced several hours for the next day. Internet Internet access has eroded a lot of our time every day, which seems to be difficult to justify for us who shout that we have no time. That's the only bit of luck we have left, making us inadvertently long for someone to be like ourselves, sending SOS or longing for an echo in a certain corner of the earth. So we squander our precious sleep time, wandering in an emotional world that doesn't exist. Maybe we in the network are the real ones, because it makes us feel at ease, there is no heaven, no hell, and no borders. There are real us in the fake world, temporarily escape from the fake self in the real world. Friends For us outside, there are two groups of friends, domestic and foreign. Every time I return to China, the sealed memory is opened, and it is such a happy thing to see my domestic friends. It's just that as we grow up in two different environments, the common language between us and them becomes less and less. When I want to tell them my experiences and feelings with passion, it makes my friends feel inexplicable. They all smile and nod, but intuition tells themselves that they won't understand, just like it's hard for me to understand many of my friends' ideas. Friends abroad are different. Experiencing the same thing and contacting for the same time, there will be a lot more common language. However, the closer you are, the greater the friction surface. Fortunately, although the quarrel is red from time to time, after a few hours, everyone will return to indistinguishable. You and I, because both of you understand how precious it is to be a friend, happiness is because of the happiness of two people, and sadness is because of the sadness of two people. Bats can't fly with birds, and they are different from the habits of beasts. Only bats like themselves can be with it. Love Foreign love, come too fast, go faster. There is no family, lack of friendship, and the element of love will naturally expand. Vulnerable people regard love as medicine, and strong people regard love as a game. The love here is like a broiler chicken being raised. Growth with purpose is just a simple procedure. You can fatten a white and fat chicken in a few days, and you can cultivate a seemingly intimate love in a few days. . As a result, like the dry, tasteless meat of broiler chickens, the catalyzed love is hard to swallow. Family love I miss my parents, but I don't know how to express it exactly. Even though I have learned many languages abroad, I find that my ability to express myself is getting worse and worse. The weight of "a loving mother's hands, a wandering child's top", I understand in my heart, I want to say it, but I can't say it. The feeling of homesickness is beautiful, like the late night of the full moon. I want to immerse myself in this beauty, but there is a cold wind to remind myself that this is a foreign moon. Home, for us, is the warmest sustenance in our hearts. We dare not open this box. Once opened, tears will flow. However, foreign countries do not need our tears, only our sweat. Family love has naturally become a taboo topic, and it has become a pain in the heart. What we need is not sympathy, but recognition. In foreign countries, we have worked hard, succeeded, believed, expected, pleased, failed, suspicious, sad, disappointed, angry, happy, confused, realized, publicized, hypocritical, honest Over, over excited, over plain, over depraved, over effort, over seriousness, over carelessness, over over sadness, over sympathy, over at mercy, over over helplessness, over at gain, over at end, over at beauty, over at ugliness, over at charity, over at gain, Missed, forgotten, cherished, lost, struggled, suffered, shrewd, crazy, stupid, cried, laughed, worried, sad, truly hated, and even more truly loved. We have traveled abroad with flesh and blood. So we are qualified to say: we are proud because we are abroad. Abroad is not paradise. Foreign friends are not like domestic friends, you are the one who comforts you when you are in the hardest time. Whenever I go home from get out of class, it is so desolate when I step into the self-proclaimed home.. You can imagine the hot tea and hot meals your mother prepared for you when you came home from get out of class in China. But here. You can only face classmates who are hot and cold~ The teapot without a drop of water in it and the desolate home and kitchen. I missed going home so much. We used to delete a day from our calendar every day. Remind yourself to be happy when you come home. Ha ha. It wasn't me who passed the test when I finished it the first time. But I'm finally going back. I finally got through this year. The moment I bought the ticket. When I went back the night before I was too excited to sleep. When I get up early to get my suitcase early to go to the airport. Although my flight was at night. I can't wait to wait there. A heart full of happiness. When I got off the plane in China. when transiting. look at them. I almost cried. They all looked at me and laughed. Happy to be home. When I filled out the domestic form, I saw my mother and father in the distance. I saw my mother wave. She is already crying. First night at home. Suddenly woke up at night. I slowly opened my eyes. I'm afraid this whole is my dream. But the moment I opened my eyes. I saw our pictures. no. I'm really home.