The overseas experience of the first batch of international students studying in the United States during the reform and opening up (picture) The interview time agreed with Professor Cao Xiaoping of the Department of Chemistry of Tsinghua University is 10 am. Professor Cao, who is 1.84 meters tall, is waiting at the door early. Talking about the experience of studying in the United States 31 years ago, he is very familiar with it. Excellent English makes learning handy Cao Xiaoping was born in Shanghai in June 1937. He spent 6 years in Shanghai Middle School from 1948 and was admitted to Tsinghua University in 1954. In 1958, Cao Xiaoping, who had not yet graduated, was transferred to the Department of Engineering Physics of Tsinghua University to work in the Nuclear Reactor Materials Group. After Tsinghua University established the Institute of Nuclear Energy, Cao Xiaoping was transferred to the Institute of Nuclear Energy. After the "Cultural Revolution" ended, in order to strengthen basic theoretical research, Cao Xiaoping was transferred to the Department of Chemical Engineering of Tsinghua University. Among the first batch of 52 students to study in the United States, Cao Xiaoping's English level is good. He said: "Before going abroad, I was mainly engaged in the basic theoretical research of physics, and I will use a lot of English literature in teaching and research, so my English is better." Cao Xiaoping's profound English skills make Cao Xiaoping stand out among many candidates for studying abroad. The language advantage made him more handy when he studied "symmetry theory" at the University of California, Berkeley and the City University of New York. What impressed Cao Xiaoping was: "I studied with Professor Lax at the City University of New York. He was very knowledgeable and taught very fast, but I didn't seem to have any difficulties." After joining the Department of Chemical Engineering of Tsinghua University, Cao Xiaoping always served as a professional translator for every international academic conference. After reuniting with my brother whom I haven't seen in 40 years and arriving in the United States, the local overseas Chinese and ordinary Americans are very kind to us visiting scholars. "I remember an American named Billy who would drive his 'Beetle' to pick us up for concerts every weekend. We even went to Pavarotti's concert." Cao Xiaoping said proudly . During his study in the United States, in addition to the fruitful academic achievements, Cao Xiaoping was most excited to find his brother whom he had not seen in 40 years. "My brother went to the United States to study in 1944. I was only two years old when he left home for the Southwest Associated University. Before I went abroad, due to the political situation at that time, the contact between my family and my brother was intermittent. I am really grateful for this opportunity to go abroad. Reuniting our brothers also relieved my father’s concerns.” Cao Xiaoping recalled: “After arriving in the United States, we all stayed at the Chinese Liaison Office in Washington, D.C., where we first spoke to my brother. "Although my brother has sent letters to his family before, and I have seen his photos, the brotherly bond of flesh and blood still makes Cao Xiaoping on the phone very excited, and the phrase "older brother" on the phone is full of infinite thoughts. Feelings. Cao Xiaoping told his brother that he was studying languages at Georgetown University in Washington. "It's such a coincidence that we both became alumni." Cao Xiaoping said with a smile. Due to the poor health of the sister-in-law and the need to take care of her brother, and the short time Cao Xiaoping was in Washington, the two brothers could not meet in Washington. In April 1979, Cao Xiaoping completed his English studies in Washington, and on his way to the University of California, Berkeley, he finally met his brother in Detroit. "He drove to the airport to pick me up. There were not many Chinese people at the airport at that time, and I was very tall. My brother recognized me at a glance." This was the first time the two brothers met after 40 years. They held each other together, and the simple greeting made each other feel extremely warm. The exciting scene of the reunion was unforgettable to this day by Cao Xiaoping. "Play the piano when I want my daughter" Cao Xiaoping's daughter was only 11 years old when he went abroad. For more than two years in the United States, Cao Xiaoping has been thinking about his wife and children far away, especially his daughter. Influenced by his family, Cao Xiaoping can play the piano, whether he is studying English in Washington, or later studying at the University of California, Berkeley, or the City University of New York. "When I encounter difficulties in scientific research or miss my daughter, I will play the piano for a while, quietly. Meditation." He was not good at words to express his thoughts with the sound of the piano, hoping that his daughter in the distance could hear it. Cao Xiaoping said that when he first arrived in the United States, all expenses were reimbursed, and he had no savings. After arriving at the University of California, Berkeley, each person was given US$400 per month for living expenses. "I can't spend it all. I usually don't go out much in school, and I don't have any extra expenses every month except for room and board." Cao Xiaoping revealed a detail: " In New York, crabs are placed at the door every time the supermarket enters, and the price is very cheap, so we have big crabs to eat almost every week." Speaking of this, Cao Xiaoping couldn't help laughing. "I am a very 'quiet' person. My major requires you to calm down. If you are impatient, you will not be able to do anything." During his stay in the United States, if he had free time, Cao Xiaoping would mostly sit alone. Park to enjoy the sun or listen to classical music. Before going abroad, Cao Xiaoping has been doing research in theoretical solid state physics and materials science. During his studies in the United States, he mainly studied "symmetry theory" and made unique contributions in the fields of "relativistic quantum mechanics" and engineering. The seismic analysis of nuclear power plants was done by Cao Xiaoping. "I really appreciate the opportunity to study in the United States. It gave me a lot and changed me a lot." Cao Xiaoping said with emotion.