For the first time in the history of football lottery, the all-inclusive series of three big cold games can make money. (Reporter Wang Jiying) "There is such a thing, you can make money with any all-inclusive game." Yesterday, the results of the football lottery lottery in the World Cup preliminaries were announced. Due to the big cold in Brazil, all the football lottery games involving quizzes in the current period were unpopular, and the bonuses were super high. And there have been "all-inclusive earning" results. After the current lottery draw, there is still a prize pool of more than 39.66 million yuan in the main game of winning and losing. The prize pool of a song has risen by more than 39.66 million yuan. This is not a seven-star lottery or a super lottery, but a prize pool for the winning and losing lottery game, which is extremely rare in the past football lottery quizzes. On the morning of September 11, the 08058th lottery draw was held on time. Due to the huge bonuses rolling in before, the sales volume of this issue was raised to more than 40.77 million yuan. The first prize of the two-part series was closed due to the draw at home by the underdogs in Brazil and the loss of Portugal at home. Jiangxi took 3 of the bets, Shaanxi also gained 2 bets, and the other two bets settled in Ganqing and Ningxia. The trilogy's unpopularity frequently followed the rule that the winning lottery jackpot was empty in the past. There will always be a super cold or a group of unpopular people, and the current winning lottery is no exception. Judging from the data released by the National Sports Lottery Center, Brazil's home draw with Bolivia is well-deserved. The second biggest upset was created by the Danish team. They defeated the powerful Portugal 3-2 in the away game and wrote the "Andersen's fairy tale" in the European qualifiers for the World Cup. In the final chapter, all three ways to play are all-inclusive. Under the stimulation of the big cold, although the sales volume of the optional nine additional ways of winning and losing lottery in the current period is only more than 19.15 million yuan, but only 106 first prizes are awarded, and the single bet bonus has reached 110,000. Diverse. Lottery players can earn 70,000 yuan if 40,000 yuan covers all the colorful fruits of the game. The two small games of the lottery draw on the same day, the bonus is also very tempting. In the 08088th half-time winner, only 1 note first prize is offered. Since the bonuses were rolled over in the previous issue, the bonus was as high as more than 1.24 million yuan, which was also the highest bonus in the lottery draw of the day. It was won by lucky lottery players from Guangdong. In this way, it will cost 1.06 million for all the colorful fruits, and the full package can earn 180,000.