The most powerful PSP "GT Racing" has gathered a lot of information about the latest racing games. There was "dirt2" a few days ago, and "Need for Speed: Speed Shift" in the last two days. GT Racing" will also come with the PSP Go. This game that players have been waiting for for several years has been in constant news recently. Today we will show you the various elements that will appear in the game. Gorgeous opening CG CG does not consume the hardware function of the host. The opening CG of the GT series has always been gorgeous while containing a high level of artistry. Judging from the screenshots now, the CG has reached the level of being fake and real, but I don't know how the dynamic performance will be, and in what form will the classic "moon over the castle" be re-interpreted. One of the most attractive parts of the GT series with more than 800 racing cars is the massive collection of cars. Although it is a handheld version, this work still includes more than 800 racing cars, all real data, reaching the PS2 version of GT4 that year. In the game, from the Volkswagen Golf at home to the classic HONDA NSX, from the benz 300 in the 1950s to the latest Chevrolet ZR1 in 2009, the GT can be regarded as a small car museum, even if you don't play games, as long as you Like cars, this game is fully capable of killing a lot of your "watching time". The 35 tracks included are the same as the racing cars. The tracks in the GT game are all surveyed and produced by the production team. From the basic specifications to the surrounding scenery of the track, even the road signs and billboards are exactly the same as the actual situation. In addition, the original track of the game is also quite particular. But it may be a problem of capacity. There are only 35 of the nearly 100 tracks in the series included in the handheld version, but almost all of them are classics, such as the narrow and long Nürburgring, the beautiful Paris Opera House, Japan's most famous Suzuka... No matter whether it is track or street racing, there is a complete range. The classic GT mode is the most classic mode in the entire series, which is often hundreds of hours of game mode. Buying a car, changing a car, taking a driver's license test, participating in competitions to earn bonuses, taking an advanced driver's license test, buying a high-end car, participating in a high-level competition... The essence of the whole game is here. Obtaining a driver's license to play GT depends on technology. The driver's license in GT mode is a very important part. This is not only a platform for players to be familiar with game operations and racing knowledge, but also restricts the scope of the game players can participate in the game. After obtaining the corresponding driver's license, you can enter the advanced competition. In the driver's license mode, from the simplest starting and parking to basic cornering, to the final lap timing, players are proficient in their own operations in one strict test. In the test, the game sets a cornering route for the player, and the accelerator and brake are clearly marked. Players only need to follow the prompts to operate skillfully, master some basic knowledge of racing cars, and complete the mid-early and early-stage tests. It is not a big problem. It supports 4-player networking as a handheld console, which is much more convenient than home consoles. The game's Ad Hoc supports 4-player networking. In online mode, you can not only compete on the same field, but also trade racing cars, or give your car as a gift. Friends, this is something that was not available on previous generations of home computers. The game screen is close to the limit of the PSP. From the screenshots released so far, the description of the game body and background is quite fine, almost reaching the limit of the PSP function. However, due to functional limitations, the game can only have 4 cars racing at the same time. From the screenshots, it is true that the game screen has a lot of jaggedness, but there are also many screenshots of the previous PSP version of "Soul Ability", but the game dynamics are quite gorgeous, so you can rest assured about the jaggedness of the GT. Wonderful replay mode As such a real racing game, the wonderful replay mode has always been an indispensable part of GT, and in this handheld version, the replay mode has also been well preserved. In this mode, players You can adjust any angle to watch everything on sale in each scene of the game, whether you are admiring the car or studying technical issues such as cornering, this mode is essential. As a masterpiece of SCE, the PSP version of the "GT" racing car will debut with the latest PSP Go, and SCE also attaches great importance to this work, its success or failure will affect the PSP Go's starting results to a certain extent. It is also a gift to all players in Europe and those who use PAL format games (China adopts PAL format, but PSP go is not licensed in China), as long as between October 1st and October 10th, buy PSP go and go to SONY official website to play Sign up and get a free copy of the game. For more domestic players, waiting for cracking is a better choice, but here, we still need to give everyone a shot. From a recent point of view, the cracking of PSP has encountered a bottleneck. Many games that require 5.55 before can not run. The system version of PSP Go is 5.70, and recently, Sony has just upgraded the system to 6.00, so this GT... .. There have been reports from the outside station, Sony internal staff revealed that GT requires 6.00, but the "Soul Ability" that requires 5.55 has solved the problem by modifying the mirror image, so that the lower version of the self-made system can still run. Therefore, it is still unknown whether GT can be played after its release. It can only be said that it is very difficult, but the probability is not equal to zero... But the quality of the game itself is still very high. If you have the conditions, you should support the original version.