Chen Huilin was forced to put on a big wedding banquet for the Olympic performance to suspend childbirth (Photo) "Because she was frightened by her father, she decided to make a full 50! Referring to her prospective husband Alex, Kelly also said naively: "He is in charge of marrying me!" Chen Huilin, who announced her marriage at the Dream Stage Red Pavilion, attended the radio interview to promote the new album in a sexy off-the-shoulder dress yesterday. Although her identity has changed, her charm remains. She also coquettishly laughed and said that the new album was "Marrying a Girl". On Cha Xiaoxin's "Baba Shut the Side, Enough for Me to Cha Duo", Kelly said that she originally wanted to be around ten, but she was frightened by her father. She wanted to have 50 feasts, she said jokingly: "If you want to have 50 rounds now, you will have to invite 600 people, and maybe 60,000 photos will be taken by then!" She expressed her hope that the wedding date would be set in October, and revealed that We are looking for a venue that can be "big" and will be announced in a few days. Kelly joked that when her father knew that there were only ten weddings, he bombarded it with ten "calls". She also said that she would not go on a honeymoon because she had been to many places. When asked if there will be a golden pig badge, Kelly said: "Does it have to be a pig? Pandas are more cute, can I use them? I don't know what clothes to wear, and I don't want to change so many clothes, otherwise I have to change clothes. There is no food to eat." She also admitted that the reason for marriage is to have children, but because there will be a lot of performance work during the Olympics, so now she will not be unguarded, she said with a smile: "In case a BB comes out while dancing. What to do, we'll talk about it in October!" "The most important thing is that I'm willing to marry him" It was rumored that Alex married a beautiful woman with zero gift, Kelly said: "Of course he doesn't want to! But this kind of thing Let’s talk about it after a while! Let’s set a date, don’t disturb the elderly if there is no substance.” She also said that the love nest does not need to be decorated: “It’s already so beautiful, so beautiful! I’ll decorate it when I have children in the future! Alex, he doesn’t care, the best The important thing is that I am willing to marry him." Asked what Alex was responsible for in the marriage, Kelly immediately said proudly: "He is responsible for marrying me, that's all!" The appearance of a happy little woman is really enviable to others! In addition, when Kelly visited another radio station, a large number of fans surrounded her and congratulated her on becoming a prospective wife. On the program, she received a pear to send "Guan Yin to the Son", and Bob, who just became a father, sent ginger vinegar to her, wishing her an early birth Takako! (fish/text)