Peng Jiuyang: I love Victoria Klinsmann has become a laughing stock (photo) The so-called Victorian style home decoration refers to the combination of wallpaper, cheesecloth, iron art, lace, wood, bronze, crystal and bone china. For example, there are old and bronze decorations with angels holding roses on the porch; the walls are covered with wallpaper with light beige background and light-colored flowers; the European-style sofa is wrapped in cotton large flower cloth, and there is a wrought iron shelf next to it. The old-fashioned dial phone keeps ringing; DIY unevenly brushed green paint on the square table of solid wood grain and solid color, adding nostalgic color to the original simplicity, and put a yellowed lace square on it, in the center or glass, or colorful art The vase is adorned with a lush, fragrant lilac-colored lavender, and the table is lined with candlesticks and three-tiered bone china plates, silver-framed afternoon tea tableware; Swarovski crystal chandeliers and dark ceiling fans on the roof bring Baroque understated luxury; a favorite is the dark brown bookshelf that holds a cookbook called "Grandma's Apple Pie." Put the curly hair in a bun, or tie two sparse braids, wear a straw hat and a wool knitted bag, a floor hemp skirt with long strings of pearls, and let everyone lazily tell everyone: I love Victoria. In the new season, the Bayern club made the much-awaited "Klinsmann" the new head coach, and then changed to a new formation, from 442 to 352. As a result, the Bundesliga is still in a painful run-in period after the fifth round of the war, and is now only ranked eighth. In the last round, they encountered the "nerve knife" Bremen, and they were cut all over. They lost 2-5 at home to the opponent, which was the club's worst home defeat in the past 12 years. It is natural that the advanced football that Klinsmann admires has become the laughing stock of everyone. Hannover is now ranked fifth from the bottom in the standings. It is a good home game and has not lost a game, but the away game is too bad. They had beheaded Bremen at home last year, and it's hard to say whether they will cause trouble for Bayern this time. I choose 1, 0. The Milan derby is here. AC Milan's old antiques failed to hold up the scene, but "Ronaldo", who had recently had friction with Brazilian drug dealers, and "Shevchenko", who had passed the nuclear bomb, retired to the bench. Such adjustments have achieved the effect of winning one game in the league and the UEFA Cup. Now they resolutely take "Kaka" as the core and reuse the young "Pato" and the unpretentious "Borriello". Hope they can continue the recent good momentum and present the birthday present to the boss "Berlusconi". This season, Inter Milan "opened high and walked high". The magic bird, stinky mouth, and big madman "Mourinho" showed the world the same winning spell again and again, and once again made Inter Milan as disciplined, offensive and sharp as Chelsea. Imposing iron army. Not only let the Swedish star "Ibrahimovic" shine, but also let the original "king" Adriano reborn in the "problem". I am optimistic about the undefeated Inter Milan and choose 1 or 0. For the football lottery game quiz that ends this Saturday, my prediction results are: 3/0, 3, 3, 3, 3/1, 3/1, 1/0, 3, 1/0, 3, 3, 1 /0, 3/0, 3 The football lottery game quiz that ends this Sunday, my prediction results are: 3/1, 1, 1/0, 3, 3/1, 0, 3, 3/1, 3 /1, 3, 3/0, 1, 1, 3/0 (Peng Jiuyang)