The No. 1 pick has a quasi-quadruple-double and 9 turnovers, so Wall must reflect , but he and John Wall clearly haven't found a common rhythm. This led to Wall playing 34 minutes, scoring 13 points, 4 rebounds and 7 assists on 4 of 11 shots, but had 9 turnovers, a decline in performance compared to the previous game. In the last game, although Cartier Martin's buzzer-beating three-pointer was a key factor in helping the Wizards enter overtime, in any case, Wall's 29 points, 13 assists and 9 steals were the Wizards' biggest win. weights. But objective and calm fans will notice another statistic from Wall -- eight turnovers. Yes, Wall certainly had a quasi-triple-double against the Philadelphia 76ers, but he's actually not too far from a quasi-quadruple-double. In this game, Wall almost scored a "triple-double" - he scored 13 points, 4 rebounds, 7 assists and 9 turnovers in this game! Wall's many mistakes are not without reason. In this game, Arenas made a comeback, and this was his first time playing with Wall in the regular season. Although Arenas was a substitute, after several rotations, the two still appeared on the field at the same time. But it is obvious that Wall and Arenas have not found a tacit understanding today, although both of them are also humble to each other, and they seem to be very harmonious in the distribution of the ball. But this deliberate "harmony" is just an illusion. The mutual humility between the two not only failed to drive the team, but also made Wall unable to find the rhythm of the organization, and Arenas' offense was also implicated. There is data to prove it - in the time period when Wall and Arenas played at the same time, Arenas scored 0, and Wall actually made 5 turnovers! Of course, Wall's mistakes can't all be counted on Arenas. His mistakes in this game are very scattered: 1 steal by Raymond Felton, 2 steals by Timofey Mozgov , 2 turnovers (1 steal) by Amare Stoudemire, 1 steal by Anthony Randolph, 2 steals by Tony Douglas, and 1 mistake by himself. As a point guard, he was stealed 7 times in the game, which is quite a serious problem. More importantly, in the whole game, the Knicks did not make a very targeted defense against Wall, and the steals were basically a very common pass prediction and one-on-one digging between the chaos. But there are benefits to this result. After all, it is only the beginning of the season. For a rookie like Wall, since he has been established as the core of the team early on, the problem is naturally that the earlier and more exposure, the better. This will give him enough time to fix his problems. For a player of Wall's level, technical problems are not a big problem. Most of his mistakes are mainly due to minor problems in his playing habits. Perhaps with the passage of time, when Wall really gets used to the confrontation in the NBA and finds a tacit understanding of the running-in with Arenas, such mistakes will become less and less. (gu da)