Exclusive planning: Spielberg "bring her son to marry her husband" (picture) DreamWorks and Paramount parted ways (2006 - October 5, 2008) October 5, 2008, Sunday. The marriage between DreamWorks and Paramount for less than three years has come to an end. On this day, DreamWorks officially broke away from Paramount and turned to India's Reliance ADA Group to become a new independent film company. DreamWorks, led by Spielberg, and Reliance ADA Group each contributed $550 million, plus $700 million from JPMorgan Chase, and Universal, which distributed almost all of Spielberg's films, also started and new dream Factory cooperation again. Although it has not yet been filmed, it does not affect the gorgeous appearance of the new company at all, and Spielberg's dream will continue. After the separation of the two companies, the most concern is of course the distribution of many co-produced films. First, the two sides have co-production rights to 15 to 20 films that have yet to be made. Paramount, on the other hand, also owns the co-production and distribution rights of all DreamWorks films from now until the end of 2009. Spielberg will continue to serve as the "Transformers" series of producers, and participated in the shooting of three other Paramount films. In addition, the rest of the films originally participated by DreamWorks will return to Paramount. About 150 staff members belonging to DreamWorks will basically leave Paramount and join the new DreamWorks. In the three years since the merger, the two companies have produced more than forty films, including box office hits such as Blade of Honor, Tropical Thunder and Transformers, as well as Horror Ruins, Ghost Township " and other films that were mediocre at the box office. Paramount is an old company with a history of more than 80 years. DreamWorks was established in 1994 and is a representative of the new generation of Hollywood. Their filming of the anti-traditional animation "Shrek" series is the best annotation for the company's ethos. Unfortunately, DreamWorks suffered from poor management. At the end of 2005 and early 2006, DreamWorks was acquired by Viacom, the parent company of Paramount, for $1.6 billion. In an official statement from both parties, Paramount CEO Brad Gray praised Spielberg's talent and spiritual realm, and said that he will work hard to create opportunities in the future to promote the two sides to cooperate again. He said DreamWorks CEO Ned Sneijder and co-founder David Geffen have "great leadership, creative talent, and great contributions to the partnership." Spielberg, on behalf of DreamWorks, "(We ) enjoy every moment of business cooperation with Brad Gray, Paramount and Viacom." He also expressed his hope that "in the next time, they can continue their pleasant cooperation." He also thanked him for staying in David Geffen, Paramount, "He's been a huge help to me for his vision. His advice and wisdom always help us get good results. He's a friend for life." And finally I represent A statement from all friends who want to hear the truth - behind the apparently friendly politeness, what really went wrong with Paramount and DreamWorks, and hastily ended less than three years of cooperation. It is conceivable that DreamWorks, which advocates independence, is like the Liangshan hero who was recruited, and the old-fashioned old company Paramount is prone to friction. Among them, investment differences and conflicts of interest, big and small, cannot be obtained from the so-called formal channels like listening to their official statements. In this regard, the rumors have become more credible. The "Dingding alimony war" to be mentioned next is the concentrated outbreak of the two major companies' ideas and conflicts of interest, which directly led to Spielberg's departure. Statement: Sina.com exclusive manuscript, please indicate the source for reprinting.