Motorola: GPON has more advantages than EPON in FTTH Author: Lu Yixuan In 2009, under the hot trend of domestic optical fiber and copper retreat, Motorola brought its GPON solution with rich operating experience in the international market and entered China in a big way optical communications market. Regarding the choice of this time point, Floyd Wagoner, Director of Global Marketing and Communications, Network Access Solutions Department, Motorola Broadband and Mobile Networks Division, explained that the time for China to use GPON to promote light to the home is becoming mature, while Motorola's international The experience in GPON R&D and operation can better improve the efficiency of domestic operators in promoting FTTH. GPON's international advantages In Asia, EPON has always been a very powerful and mainstream technology among various technologies that promote light to the home. In many international regions outside Asia, operators have begun to pay more and more attention to GPON, which is expected to account for 40% of the global fiber-to-the-home market this year. In FloydWagoner's view, although EPON is still strong, the strength of GPON is significantly strengthened. In terms of bandwidth, GPON has at least doubled the upstream and downstream bandwidth of EPON. Because the utilization rate of EPON is lower than that of GPON, in the case of the same user deployment and the same terminal, statistics show that EPON supports upstream and downstream bandwidth of 29Mbit/s, while GPON can reach the actual downstream 79Mbit/s upstream 37Mbit/s bandwidth, which fundamentally improves the support for data services. In terms of service quality assurance (QoS), the current EPON business is mainly data business, and operators want to promote complex services such as triple play, and the service quality assurance requirements will be higher. In this regard, GPON has a better mechanism to ensure the realization of multi-service quality of service. In addition, in terms of the convenience of deployment, the optical power in the optical line means the length of the transmission distance. The rate of EPON is 24dB, while that of GPON is 28dB. Under the same conditions, the transmission distance of GPON is longer. Operators can place ONTs in farther locations to save line costs and cover more and farther terminal units in the future. Comprehensive comparison, no matter in terms of technology, service guarantee and material, the trend that GPON has shown so far is better than EPON. And the cost price of GPON has dropped a lot, which is favored by more and more operators. At present, China Telecom, China Unicom and China Mobile in China have all expressed that GPON is the best choice for the next optical network development. Innovative GPONONT and OLT According to FloydWagoner, with the experience accumulated in the global FTTH field, Motorola has developed innovative products to meet the service providers to provide lower density OLT, higher density MDU environment and indoor with integrated functions ONT and other requirements. Innovative GPONONTs and OLTs that extend fiber to the edge of service provider networks, ensuring end-to-end ultra-broadband services are available to users anywhere. At the same time, Motorola's FTTH network element management system, AXSvision, can simplify the network management interface and help operators accelerate the introduction of new and rich personalized entertainment services.