Consolation teammates encouraged brother to truce without rest pressure is unprecedented Yao Ming in contemplation Sina Sports News at the end of the first half of today's Houston Rockets against the Spurs, Brooks sprained his left ankle in the final layup, withdrew from the game. At the beginning of the second half, Martin was also knocked down by his opponent in a layup. His teammates were very nervous and went up to pull him up together, but the good times did not last long. When the game was 8 minutes into the third quarter, he was also injured because of his injury. Too heavy to return to the locker room, also withdrew from the game. However, at the beginning of the fourth quarter, he returned to the bench and sat next to Yao Ming. Yao Ming quickly lowered his head and asked about his injury. Today's Yao Ming once again took a break for back-to-back games. He wore a beige suit and sat on the bench to cheer on his teammates. He was relatively quiet in the first three quarters, and at the critical moment of the fourth quarter and overtime, he repeatedly stood up to cheer for his teammates. Especially when Scola made two consecutive mid-range shots with 2 minutes left to make the score 110-107, Yao Ming jumped up with his teammates and stood until the end of the team's defensive round at that time. He also stood up and applauded when Lee's fast-break layup gave the Rockets the lead in overtime. Although the Rockets lost the game in the end, Yao Ming also took the initiative to approach his teammates and comfort Courtney Lee, who missed a key serve in the regular season. In the locker room after the game, Yao Ming and his teammates were also relatively silent. He simply exchanged a few words with Battier next door. After a brief pack up, he and his teammates boarded the flight back to Houston tonight. As coach Adelman said, the Rockets do not have much time to bury the blame in today's loss. Tomorrow they will host the Timberwolves at home. With the main players absent from the outside, Yao Ming will surely take on the important task of winning the team's first victory. (Houston China Times Volcano Bird)