 Week of Hong Kong Films (9.22-9.28): Maturity of Style (Picture) Filmmakers: 1. The maturity and stylization of directors It is an indisputable fact that Hong Kong films look north to China, although film censorship in the Mainland is still subject to many films People's doubts and concerns, but for creators, how to show more personal style and maturity in this "rule of the game" is the focus, and the good news is that from the recent release of two new films directed by Hong Kong directors From the perspective of "Painted Skin" and "Keeping the Call", they all strive to achieve this, that is, on the one hand, they maturely adapt to the rules of the game, and on the other hand, they are as stylized as possible. Let’s talk about the adaptation of the rules of the game first. Mainland film censorship often cuts or revises some sensitive elements, such as horror films that were once popular in Hong Kong. Because the censorship is sensitive to the subject of ghosts, such works have been gradually reduced in recent years, or they are not available in the mainland market. As the goal, "Painted Skin" directed by Chen Jiashang, originally Pu Songling's original novel was about a lecherous man and a female ghost, but in the version directed by Chen Jiashang, the lecherous man became a man who liked "Little San" but was depressed. In the heart (although it was normal for a man to have three wives and four concubines at that time), the female ghost also became a banshee, a banshee who even sacrificed her own life in pursuit of love; another example is the public security who often represents justice /The image of the police is also limited during censorship. The film "Keeping the Call" directed by Chen Musheng, which was adapted from the Hollywood version of the thriller "One Line Voice Machine", reflects this, especially the scene of going to the heroine's house. In the Hollywood version In the middle, it stated that the other party was a female police officer, and the old police officer fell into his inner doubts after shooting her, but in "Hold the Call", it was unclear that she was an "interpol", and whether this identity was real or fake Still ambiguous... Echoing this self-regulatory adaptation to the rules of the game, these two works also show the thematic expression of universal values such as true love, courage, and responsibility - which is exactly what Hollywood mainstream blockbusters such as "" One of the themes of the Lord of the Rings series, the Spider-Man series, etc. What's more, from the perspective of "Painted Skin" and "Keep Talking", the creators are already familiar with the elements that mainland audiences pay attention to, and they have interspersed these elements in the works well, such as several erotic scenes in "Painted Skin" and later. car chase action scene. The creator's personal style is also incorporated into these two works, especially the work "Keep the Call". The Hollywood version of "Sound Machine" is a thriller with a moderate score, and the action scenes are only one aspect of the film and are mainly to serve the suspenseful plot of the film, while Chen Musheng retained the basic plot and plot of the original in the adaptation. In the bridge section, more tense action scenes have been added, such as the part where the hero goes to school to try to save the heroine's child and fails to save the heroine's child, but the car chases the gangster. The collision ended this action scene, but in "Keep Talking", this part was magnified several times. It was a series of intense and exciting scenes such as car crashes and tunnel driving, which enhanced the film's sense of action and tension - this also It is Chen Musheng's most typical personal style since "Street of Stormtrooper Rage"; as mentioned above, in the murder scene at the heroine's house, the Hollywood version is shot to death, but there is still a paragraph in "Keep Talking" The scene of smashing the glass - smashing the glass is also an important scene in Chen Musheng's action films such as "SWAT New Humans", "New Police Story" and "The True Color of a Man". Although "Painted Skin" is different from the personal style of director Chen Jiashang in the past, it still reflects the stylized pursuit of the creator in terms of art direction and photography direction. It should be said that after last year's two co-productions "Disciple" and "Blog" (blog) achieved a successful balance between work creation and author style, there are more Hong Kong films this year, including "Changjiang No. 7" , "Wenque" to the present, "Painted Skin", "Hold the Call", etc., are also relatively successful, which shows the trend of Hong Kong films gradually maturing under the background of looking north to China. 2. The Asian Film Festival is about to open. The "Mobile Force" will be stationed at the Hong Kong Asian Film Festival, which will be held in the middle and late of this month. After the opening and closing films have been released not long ago, the list of participating films has also been announced recently. In addition to "Ticket", "I don't sell my body, I sell my uterus" and "Intimacy", another highly anticipated work "PTU2: Police Case" also unexpectedly entered the "Priority Broadcast" of this film festival unit. In 2003, "PTU" directed by To Qifeng was a very successful sketch, which won the best director of the Academy Award that year, and was rated by film critic Chen Jiaming as "all the characters around Lin Xue, restrained and tasteful, because To Qifeng succeeded in making the audience believe that there are really rich stories behind it by not telling the story behind it with the least decoration. This is a 'creation'!" Another film critic Feng Mao grew his "The thought of layout and visual images is quite high level. Especially turning the ordinary space of downtown Tsim Sha Tsui into a wandering forest space, and turning the whole night time into a pause. A cruel theatre of animal slaughter. This pushes the Hong Kong genre to a higher level and greatly expands the possibilities of cinematic perception.” With Zhuyu in the lead, To Qifeng served as the producer this time, and was directed by Luo Yongchang. The story tells that because PTU was suspected of abusing the underworld, when the case was investigated, the people at PTU were panicked, and they once again wandered in the black and white forest of this urban space... Luo Yongchang also played the role in "Wenque" directed by To Qifeng not long ago. A literary bird, showing some humor in a more restrained way, leaving a deep impression on the audience. In this "PTU: Police Cases", he did not simply follow the style of the previous work, and even directly questioned the problem of some police officers' guns. This is similar to the relationship between Du Qifeng and Lin Jiadong in "Wenque". Qualified" formed the response. In addition, "I don't sell my body, I sell my womb" directed by Qiu Litao, "Miao Miao" directed by Cheng Xiaoze, and "Cape No. 7", which was recently shown in Taiwan, are also works worthy of attention in this Hong Kong Asian Film Festival. . 3. "Painted Skin" represents Hong Kong's "Bid for the Olympics" Recently, "Painted Skin" directed by Chen Jiashang has surpassed "Hold the Call", "Painted Skin" and "Famous Name", and will represent Hong Kong films at the 2009 Oscars () Competition for Best Foreign Language Film. "Painted Skin" was postponed to October 2 in Hong Kong before its official release, and in order to meet the relevant requirements of the Oscars, a small-scale ticket screening was held in a Hong Kong cinema on September 24, but some similarities to "The Promise" (blog) , "The Golden Armor of the City" and other films were screened for the "Olympic bid". It was even said that the tickets were sold out when booking tickets, but there were no audience or cinema staff for the show... 4. Nicholas Tse (listen to the song) and Zhang Jingchu (blog) became "witnesses" on November 27. The action film "Sharpshooter" directed by Lin Chaoxian was repeatedly postponed due to the pornographic incident at the beginning of the year. There is still no definite news, but, The action film "The Witness" starring Nicholas Tse, Zhang Jingchu, and Zhang Jiahui (Dingge blog), which was completed not long ago, will be released on November 27. The story tells that the policeman played by Nicholas Tse accidentally killed an innocent little girl while handling a case, and the girl's mother (played by Zhang Jingchu) was a lawyer and was brooding about it, and Zhang Jiahui played a cold-blooded killer. And a new case closely linked the fate of the three of them, and even involved the life and death of the mother's little daughter... "The Witness" is produced by the Emperor Company. Originally, the two works of Emperor Company - "Shinjuku Incident" and "Izumi Hibiscus" were tentatively scheduled to be released in Hong Kong in October, but both were delayed until early next year ("Shinjuku Incident" is expected to be released on the Easter schedule, "Izumi Hibiscus" is expected to be released on the Easter schedule. Released on February 20), while The Witness, originally scheduled for release early next year, has been brought forward to November 27. (In addition, "The Great Search" co-directed by Mak Zhaohui and Zhuang Wenqiang may also be postponed to November 20, and Cao Baoping's "Li Mi's Conjecture" will also be released on the same day.) Statement: Sina.com Exclusive manuscript, reprint please indicate the source.