Lu Huiming's solution: a low-water Tottenham needs to prevent cold Chelsea away strong 01 Liverpool VS Middle recommendation: 3 The latest European win, draw and lose odds data for this game are 1.358 4.340 8.436↑, this data is converted into the Asian game Liverpool home Allows one ball/ball half to be low in water. And now the actual handicap situation opened by the bookmaker is that Liverpool handicap one goal/qiuban 188 low water, from the handicap analysis this handicap is deep enough. Liverpool have been in good shape recently due to the early start of the Champions League. Borough beat Tottenham at home last round, a bit unexpected. Combined with the analysis of the past handicap of the two teams, the Red Army is at least a small victory in this handicap. 02 Black VS Hull City Recommendation: 31 The latest European win and draw odds data for this game is 1.579↑ 3.565 5.816. This data is converted into the Asian plate Blackburn home can make a goal in the high water. And now the actual handicap situation opened by the bookmaker is that Blackburn handicap half a 176 low water, this ball handicap is a little shallow, it should be more reasonable to let a ball. If the home team wins a goal and wins, it must be hot in the upper plate. At present, the main win of the European loss has improved, and there is a possibility of a cold level. It is recommended to check. 03 Newcastle VS Bolton Recommended: 3 The latest European win and draw odds data for this game is 1.756 3.377 4.524↑, this data is converted into the Asian handicap Newcastle home can make the hemisphere low water. And now the actual handicap situation opened by the bookmaker is that Newcastle's home field is 183 low in the hemisphere. The performance of the two teams in the first game is very strong. This hemisphere is very suitable. From the analysis of the strength of the two sides, it is also relatively close. Newcastle has the home field advantage. It is recommended to be brave. The visiting team is currently on the rise, and it is difficult to win streak. 04 West Brom VS Everton Recommendation: 10 The latest European win and draw odds data for this game is 2.769↑ 3.190 2.431, this data is converted into the Asian handicap Everton away draw low water. And now the actual handicap situation opened by the bookmaker is that Everton is tied at 178 low water. Everton may not win this game, but at least it should not lose. West Brom suffered a small loss to Arsenal in the last round, which is a normal result. Back at home they are now at 210 full water, and it feels very difficult to play. Everton just lost at home, if the losing streak is too demoralizing. 05 Tottenham VS Sunderland Recommendation: 31 The latest European winning and losing odds data for this game is 1.477 3.817↑ 6.797, this data is converted into Asian plate Tottenham at home can make a goal low water. And now the actual handicap situation opened by the bookmakers is that Tottenham makes a goal of 186 low water. Tottenham is popular every season, and then pours a pot of cold water when they come up. Can they do this game? From the point of view of letting a ball in low water, Tottenham is undoubtedly still popular. Sunderland only lost one goal to the Red Army last round, and the defense is not bad. Conditional recommendations in this field are tied. 06 Stoke VS Villa recommendation: 0 The latest European winning and losing odds data for this game is 4.683↓ 3.431 1.722. This data is converted into an Asian game for Villa to make the hemisphere low. And now the actual handicap situation opened by the bookmaker is Villa's away half a 188 low water, and the handicap of this ball has been opened 1/4 of the set. Villa have been in very good form recently and have played well in the UEFA Cup. The attacking power of this team is definitely stronger than that of the home team in this game, and they can continue winning streak under normal circumstances. Stoke City is inexperienced in Premier League games, and if they can get a point at home, it is quite good. 07 Fulham VS Arsenal Recommended: 0 The latest European winning and losing odds data for this game is 5.820 3.590↑ 1.572. This data is converted into the Asian plate Arsenal away can make a ball in the high water. And now the actual handicap situation opened by the bookmaker is Arsenal's away half a 182 low water, Arsenal's current state is not very good to grasp, the team's first round of home wins and losses are normal play. Combined with the analysis of European losses, the possibility of a draw in this ball is not high. Single-choice, or trust the visiting team. 08 Wigan VS Chelsea recommendation: 0 The latest European win and draw odds data for this game is 7.650↑ 4.110 1.409. This data is converted into the Asian handicap Chelsea away game can make one goal/qiu and a half in the water. And now the actual handicap situation opened by the bookmaker is Chelsea away from a goal / Qiuban 200 high water, Chelsea performed too well in the first round, the new coach and new players are very successful in the running-in. As long as they play normally, Wigan has almost no chance, radio.