Record: Wu Tianming chats with Zhang Yimou's remuneration in hundreds of films (Photos) Moderator: Please say hello to our Sina netizens. Wu Tianming: Sina netizens, I am also a Sina netizen. Hello, all Sina netizens. Wu Tianming's first directing and winning the award is unforgettable Senior Cui Wei and Shien Moderator: We know that this year is the 50th anniversary of the establishment of the Western Film Studio. It can be said that your film road has also grown up step by step from the very beginning of the Western Film Studio. Let’s talk about the origins of the Western Film Studio. Wu Tianming: I was admitted to the Xi'an Film Studio in 1960 and was admitted to the actor training class, where I studied acting for a year or two. When I was in the Kawhi actor training class, my motivation was not pure, and I knew that my conditions as an actor were not very good. He's not good-looking, he's not tall, and he's not too dark, so I didn't plan to become an actor. When I entered, I wanted to enter the film industry first. My ideal is to be a director, so after I joined the Western Film Studio, there were several political movements, going to the countryside, social education, and the Cultural Revolution began. It was not until 1974 that the Beijing Film Academy (blog) and the Central Academy of Drama merged the two departments, and I was admitted here again. After I was admitted, the teachers in the school did not dare to give lectures. Later, I asked to go to the studio to study with some old artists. Later, I was honored to be assigned to Beiying, and later I talked to Mr. Cui Wei, his character and In terms of artistic cultivation, this has a great influence on me. After graduating, I returned to Western Film, and the factory asked me to be an assistant director, preparing for "Xi'an Incident". After that, because of Cui Wei's death, I took over another director's job as director of "Xi'an Incident", and then I stopped following him. Moderator: The response of "Life" is very good, isn't it? Wu Tianming: At that time, I was fighting, and the factory wanted to assign an assistant director to that director. They came to my house several times to persuade me to cooperate with him. At that time, I was already an assistant director, and he was still the recorder. At that time, I talked to you, I actually came to work as your assistant director, I set up a factory for you, and you came to sing. So the work is not my work. Host: Your first independent director was "River Without Beacons", which has won many awards at home and abroad? Wu Tianming: I won a government award in China, and then I participated in the Hawaii International Film Festival, where I won a photography award. This was the first award that Western Film Studio won abroad. Host: This film was made in 1982. How old were you at that time? Wu Tianming: 42. Host: As a director, do you feel that your dream came true a little late? Wu Tianming: A late bloomer. Host: This film was adapted from a novel at the time. What was your standard for the director's first work? Wu Tianming: I definitely like it. A friend recommended the novel to me. After reading it, I called him at the time, and then I went to the Jingxi Hotel, waited for him, and talked to him. He was very excited at the time, so let me tell you. In fact, I was no one at the time, I moved him with enthusiasm. Because of the connotation of the play and his character image, I like it very much, so the understanding of filming this thing is also recognized, so I did it later. Zhang Yimou's "Old Well" was paid hundreds of dollars and Wu Tianming was not afraid of being accused of "neuropathy" Moderator: How much did you buy the copyright when you first started directing the film? Wu Tianming: Very cheap. Moderator: Dozens of dollars? Wu Tianming: At least a few hundred dollars. Moderator: That's pretty expensive too. Wu Tianming: The old seeker, the actor and the photographer, Zhang Yimou's remuneration at that time was only four or five hundred yuan. Moderator: The cost should be quite high. When you mentioned "Old Well" just now, you just wanted him to be the photographer, not the male lead? Wu Tianming: At that time, we couldn't find the male lead. Moderator: Why? Wu Tianming: Because the protagonist is a farmer, we went to experience life and found that the people there worked hard all the year round, very old. Zhang Yimou was still very thin at that time, not so round and round, but I think the temperament is very similar. When I went out, I told them to choose according to Zhang Yimou. But after they came back for a month or two, they brought back a lot of photos and brought back a few actors. The other roles were basically fixed, but the male lead was not ideal. Later, Zhang Yimou said that he could not find it, and then I called Zhang Yimou to my house, and that was you. Host: Is it his first time acting in this play? Wu Tianming: Yes. Moderator: Do you feel like rushing a duck to the shelves, resisting? Wu Tianming: He didn't dare to act at first. He said that I was from the photography department and had never studied acting. Later, I discussed three conditions. I said that you can give it a try based on these three reasons. First, you have studied art and you understand art. Second, you have been to the countryside and you know the peasants. Third, you are a man of drill and hard work. Try these three. Later, it was said that if the male protagonist was wrong, the film would definitely be ruined. Moderator: Was there pressure at the box office or pressure to recover costs? Wu Tianming: At that time, there was no such pressure. At that time, he said that the problem was that the filming was bad. I say you think about it. Zhang Yimou said you give me three days. As a result, he came the next day to try it. But before I said it, it was you who asked me to come, not me. I didn't want to act, because no one played in our play, so I came, and I was irresponsible for that performance. In the end, he said, then we can't decide, there is really no one, I will come again. In the end, we continued to look for it all the way. Luoyang, more than a day away, we walked for three days, and we searched all the troupes in all counties along the way. When I announced this later, the other creators were surprised. The artist came over to touch my head and said do you have a fever? Others asked, Yimou, did you agree? He said, I don't want to act. Wu Tianming asked me to act. Anyway, I am irresponsible. Moderator: You were already the deputy director of the Western Film Studio at that time, weren't you? Wu Tianming: Yes. Moderator: Maybe they don't dare to overturn your opinion. Wu Tianming: Anyway, one by one is covered there. After the meeting, Li Lanhua went out, saying that the two must have a mental illness. Zhang Yimou also knew that there was a lot of pressure, so he worked hard. Moderator: I guess you are also under pressure. Wu Tianming: So he works very hard. "Old Well" won four awards at the Tokyo Film Festival. Wang Zhiwen praised Zhang Yimou for his excellent performance. The host: How long did this film take? Wu Tianming: All the shots were taken on location, and the interior scenes were also shot on location, for a total of three months. Host: After the final film came out, wasn't it amazing to show people outside the crew? Wu Tianming: When I was creating this film, I had already thought about how to do it and what kind of film to make. I had a clear idea in advance. Therefore, during the discussion, mobilize the main creative personnel and actors of the entire film crew to participate, how to shoot each scene, where to put the camera, how to exercise, what are the requirements, what are the requirements for clothing and makeup, this thing was very strict at that time . So I was filming at that time, and after the filming of this scene was over, I once said that if I didn’t get a few grand prizes for this scene, I said that our buddies would all jump off the Taihang Mountains. So after I won the award in Tokyo, I didn't expect to win the award when I went there, because I didn't dare to have that extravagant hope at that time. Tokyo was the seventh largest international film festival at that time, and it was a big film festival. I didn't expect to win the award there. . Because when I watch it in the cinema, when I watch it in Tokyo, when I watch other people's films, the color and transparency are very good. We are foggy. Moderator: Is it a technical limitation? Wu Tianming: The technology of photography, as well as the equipment in all aspects, our film was foggy, so after watching it, I was very discouraged. Later, I didn't expect to win four awards at that time. There were a total of seven awards at the Tokyo Film Festival, and we won four, which was completely unexpected, because after Zhang Yimou won the Best Actor Award there, I went to visit the chairman of the film festival jury, and there was a very famous one. Movie star, when I asked him about male actors. Said that the actor played very well, I saw him and I believed that he was an authentic mountain farmer in China. I said you don't know, he's a photographer, not a farmer. He was surprised, really? I said yes, he graduated from the photography department of the film school. Later, I said that he has done a lot of work, and his speech is very good. Therefore, after Zhang Yimou won the Actor Award in Tokyo, it caused a lot of vibration in the domestic circle. Wang Zhiwen said, we have studied professional courses for four or five years, what is the use? Moderator: I feel that you have led the peak of award-winning in Xiying. Since you continued to win awards, they have all taken over. Slowly, the fifth-generation directors have created a particularly brilliant era for Xiying, right? ? Wu Tianming: Because the Western Film Studio was not ranked in the country at that time, like once in 1979, when I was in Beijing on a business trip, it was called Xin'an Market, now it is called Dong'an Market, I bought some stationery in Xin'an Market, I opened Published, said to open the West Shadow. What western movie? I say Xi'an film producer. Are there film producers in Xi'an? So it's hard to hear. Later, after I became the director of the Western Film Studio, we held a meeting. We invited 6 or 7 experts from Beijing to hold a symposium at the Western Film Studio. At that time, it happened that the late stage of "Life" was almost over, and they said this after watching it. Said that Xiying is located in the northwest, and said that you should focus on the northwest direction of the theme, and put it on the Loess Plateau (Dingge). He said at the time that he would shoot Chinese Westerns. You are like an old farmer in northern Shaanxi, a farmer wearing a white cloth handkerchief, his image is no lower than that of Napolon. So he talked a lot about this. This point of Zhong Lao lit us up, because I didn't know what was going on when I saw it at the time, so I was a League branch secretary.