North American Box Office Roundup: "Thirty Nights" Vampire Suppresses North America This Week Roundup ”, this week finally the Native American vampire sits on the farm. "30 Days of Night" echoes the beginning and end of "Spartan 300 Warriors" in spring, and successfully realizes the popularity of "three-character" works across the board this year: "Big Three in May", Luohan, Bonn, Even Spike and Biochemical (and this week's "3D" version of The Nightmare Before Christmas - heresy, ^_^!!!)…. On the other hand, "The Eyes of the Mountain 2", "The Endless", "28 Weeks Later", "Hotel 2", "Fantastic Four 2: Silver Shadow Crisis", "Fake Gods 2", "Daddy's Rangers 2", " The annihilation of Queen Elizabeth II: The Golden Age made people feel sweaty about Qian Tu of "National Treasure 2: Mystery Book" and "Alien vs. Predator 2: Requiem", which were closed during the year. By the way, the "Spiritual Number 23", which has both "two" and "three", shows that the negative impact of the word "two" seems to be greater, ... Alas, poor Jim Kelly. The movement on the Oscar front is more dramatic. Four ambitious works escorted by Oscar winners, the three that were generally favored beforehand fell into the sand; on the contrary, Ben Affleck, "a frequent visitor of golden plums", with his directorial debut "Turn over a serf to sing", with " Even if you don't perform well, you still direct." The unprecedented transformation into his own name has brought back the feeling of "Soul Hunter". The "2008 Oscar Front", which is more confusing than the most chaotic last year in history, has now wrecked several luxury cruise ships in the ice sea. At this stage, except for "Ratatouille" (domestic translation of "Gourmet Story", which has just been released, it is recommended for all ages. !), there is not a single work that is 100% nominated. The North American market fell another five percent this week. In this weekend, which is known as the "most competitive in history" and has eight films simultaneously expanded ("expansion" is based on the scale of more than 500 companies), the combined box office of the Top 12 is only For more than 79 million US dollars, it is hard to hide the disappointment. Compared to the same period last year when "Deadly Magic" took the lead at $88.83 million, let alone "Texas Chainsaw Massacre 2003 Remake" led the team to create the highest record of $103 million in the same period in history. Seeing that most of the autumn has passed, it is boring to turn to the old account of "over-exploitation of the summer market". I don't know if it is the general trend of "horror movies as a whole" this year. "Saving energy...? The Summer Inventory wraps up for the first time this week; the Oscars Front topic continues to round up the week's highlights for you. 2. Oscar Front: "Missing Baby" surfaced, witnessing the successful transformation of Ben Affleck! ! ! [Return to List] The crime thriller "Gone Baby Gone" co-produced by the Affleck brothers and directors, this week, made about $6 million in small and medium-sized theaters in 1,713 theaters. Frankly speaking The average of 3,500$ for a single venue is not a dazzling figure, but a 73-point media review is enough to heal the trauma of Miramax's president (B+ on Yahoo, 93% on Rotten Tomatoes). Weighing the long-term sales potential brought by good word of mouth, if you can make a final income of 30 million US dollars, everything will be fine - it just happens that this number is just the box office limit for relatively hazy and tough literary and artistic themes to enter the eyes of the Oscar judges (such as "The Immortal Gardener"). ", "A History of Violence", "Good Night and Good Luck", "Flight 93"). Apparently this suspenseful mystery drama investigating the "disappearance of a 4-year-old girl in the director's hometown of Boston" caught the film critics who were ready to ambush around the red carpet with Rotten Tomatoes and plan to ambush Ben Affleck - no one would have thought of an adaptation Dennis Leihan's original book "Missing Baby" of the same name actually handed over an amazing answer sheet "no less than another Leihan novel that was put on the screen" and "Mystic River". Regardless of whether it was an accidental burst of character or a final realization of the best actor in Venice because of "Hollywood Manor" last year, in a word, "Oscar Best Original Screenplay Award Winner + Golden Raspberry Actor" - "Handsome Man" Ben Aver Rick, from now on, you don't have to fight to death in the promising career of acting. Although it cannot be ruled out that everyone's eagerness to dig "The Second Clint Eastwood" and the good will of waiting for the inspirational story of "The Prodigal Son Returns for Money", to a certain extent subjectively and subconsciously "beautify" " The possibility of "Missing Baby" - but if the "Hollywood Reporter", "Entertainment Online", "The Boston Globe", "Chicago Sun", "USA Today", "Rolling Stone" and many other authoritative media at the same time show an A or A-, it seems that the situation of "large-scale emotionality" or "collective fraud and bribery" in the commentary circle can be ruled out. ... The joke ends here, believe it or not: Ben Affleck, whose acting skills have always been "jerky and clumsy", is 80% a genius director! "A terrifying masterpiece that carefully and multi-angle depicts the reality of Boston's working-class life!!!", "Boldly committed to stripping away the evil part of human nature, while exposing the dark side without forgetting to echo the moral theme", "Thoughtful, Three points into the wood, pointing directly to the heart, simply advancing the plot neatly and telling the human nature in a gentle way", "The director's debut can be so meticulous, meticulous, and methodical to control the rhythm of the whole story, which is really surprising!" Of course, it also burst out " Thanks to an excellent script to support the overall situation" the noncommittal voice.... The cast is also highly sought after: "Cashy Affleck exudes 'Sherlock Holmes' charisma", "Ed Harris, Morgan Freeman perfectly annotate the word 'act school' with action ”, Amy Ryan, who played the drug-overdose mother of a missing girl, gathered more than half of the praise. Given that the murky content may not be to the appetite of all members, Amy Lane is still strong in Best Supporting Actress, Ben Affleck and Aaron Stockard in Best Adapted Screenplay candidate. In addition, if Keshe Affleck's acting skills in "Missing Baby" can be evaluated jointly by the Academy and "Assassination of Gunslinger", it will greatly help him to enter the best supporting actor with the latter. 3. Champion "Thirty Nights of Evil": When comic adaptation meets vampires... [Back to Contents] Let's turn to this week's champion "Thirty Days of Night" (30 Days of Night, about $30 million budget). Although in 2855 cinemas in North America with an average of about $5,600, it won the first prize of $16 million at the box office, but there is a certain gap with the industry's estimated "$20 million to $25 million" level, ranking among the "vampire movies" in film history. "Ninth at the box office of all time premieres. This topical work, adapted from the well-known horror cartoonist Steve Nils' picture book of the same name, did not get a good start like "Sin City". Of course, the original author is not as popular as Frank Miller. Decay can also be described as a major negative. The "classical gentleman" image of the vampire was led to the "gay" direction by the combination of "Beautiful Soup & Poppy" more than ten years ago (before "Brokeback Mountain", "comrade" never really entered the "movie distribution" initiative. The "Vampire Queen", which was a continuation of the dog's tail and was useless, was brought down; and the "grassroots" zombies "neutralized" the "elite" group of vampires for a long time; therefore, this genre was once cast aside by the people . It was not until the two series of "Blade Warrior" and "Underworld" re-armed the entire family with the popular 21st century "men in black" shape, who knew how to be handsome and reincarnated as muscular men and vampires. . Of course, the combination of the internal change of "self-depreciation" of vampires from elegance to hip-hop combined with the external reaction of "assimilation" of zombie films has caused today's civilian vampires to lose their original aristocratic temperament, and while gaining a group of new fans , and correspondingly lost some old fans. "Evening Night Thirty" is coming out at this time, and it is stepping on the wave of comic adaptation. In theory, it should bloom at the box office on a large scale. However, considering that Sony's Haunted House Films is under the command of the director of the "Spider-Man" series, Sam Raimi, since the 110 million US dollar "The Grudge American Version I" has been released on a large scale, "Darkness" and "Curse" have been released on a large scale. The average score of "Rebating the American Version II" and "The Ghosts" is only about $40 million, so it is not difficult to understand that "Thirty Nights" has actually performed steadily. Judging from the premiere curve of "Friday>Saturday>Sunday", the decline of bungee jumping will be doomed under the suppression of the elder "Chainsaw IV" next week. It is expected that the total sales of $40 million will still be maintained in the end. There is little hope of surpassing "Underworld I" ($51 million), which is also a "vampire movie". This semi-claustrophobic horror film about "A small town in Alaska was raided by a gang of vampires during the 30-day polar night" was rated 53 points in a media review (C on Yahoo, freshness on Rotten Tomatoes 54%): "There is no shortage of highlights in individual scenes. , the overall pace is limp", "Reiterate: relying on loud sound to stimulate the audience is not a fright!!!", "The monotonous and unexpected story development is the first problem, in contrast to bad jokes and Vampires with rough makeup are negligible", "Led by Josh Hartnett, the performances of the actors have no cadence, further scribbling the color of B-grade films in the direction of 'ugly'".... Fourth, the Oscar front: "Extradition Doubt", "Road to Redemption", "Relics in Fire" three major motherships were sunk! [Back to List] The quality of the three major Olympic bid films "Rendition", "Reservation Road" and "Things We Lost in the Fire" were not satisfactory. Let's first look at "Extradition Suspicion", which was harvested at an average of less than $1,900 in 2,250 theaters at $4.18 million. The Egyptian-born biochemist, who was mistaken by the U.S. government as the mastermind behind the suicide terrorist attack, was extradited to Cairo and tortured by the secret CIA stationed there; on the other hand, there was no official paper to board the plane The "evaporation" of the entry record shocked the wife who was pregnant with her husband and was overwhelmed. Can the CIA agents who have found conscience change the fate of innocent victims being beaten into tricks or even tortured to death? Can a former lover help Desperate Housewives find her mysteriously missing husband? ... It's hard to imagine that this film has not been released in red. Four leading actors: Oscar winner Rhys Witherspoon, Oscar nominee record holder Meryl Streep, Oscar best supporting actor Alan Alkin, Oscar best supporting actor nominee Jack Gillen Hal, under the command of Gavin Hood, a South African director who I always thought was "severely overrated" (he greatly disliked "The Gangsters", which took him for the best foreign language film statuette. It’s far away, but a large number of Jewish judges refused to vote for “Paradise” produced in Palestine…) It only received 55 points in the media comprehensive review (Yahoo’s C+, Rotten Tomatoes website freshness 44%), which is a huge waste of resources. ! ! ! More interesting is the story crash of Road to Redemption and Relic on Fire. The former is about a traffic accident where the driver escaped, connecting the two families of early death and manslaughter, and hopeless people compose a revenge drama without redemption; the latter is about a widowed wife who is taking drugs In a man whose excesses directly lead to the death of his husband, he finds the spark of love and the dawn of happiness by accident; no matter which one is discussing "death" and "redemption", "revenge" and "hope". The single-house box office of "The Road to Redemption" in 13 theaters was less than $3,000; "Relics in Fire", which was released in 1,142 theaters, barely earned the first $1.6 million with an even more meager average of less than $1,500. Numbers; . . . Either one was a box-office flop, even more bleak than the respective stories themselves. The "Road to Redemption" media review scored 46 points (C on Yahoo, 38% on Rotten Tomatoes), which fully proves that Terry George, who has risen to the top with "Hotel Rwanda", is still not stable enough to delegate such an important task. degree. "Let the tragedy be reduced to pantomime!", "The way of telling stories is unnatural and even a little weird", "Strongly suppressing, pretending to be difficult, hard, dull, and cruel surface, there is little soft emotion and human nature. Viewpoint", "The whole story is chaotic, ignorant, and can't find the north. The acting sparks of Joaquin Phoenix, Jennifer Connelly, Mark Ruffalo, and Mira Sorvino only revolve around the consistent" Pain' wipes out the poor sporadic "…. "Relics in Fire", which has the best "public opinion treatment" among the three films, received a passing score of 62 points (B on Yahoo and 65% freshness on Rotten Tomatoes). Last year, Pedro was forced to quit Pedro with "After the Wedding". ·Suzanne Pierre, the "Dogme95 Scandinavian Talent" who won the Oscar nomination for Best Foreign Language Film for Almodóvar's "Return", was not as good as Fernando Merrill of "The Immortal Gardener" , but it is obviously several paragraphs higher than Gavin Hood in "Extradition Doubt". I believe there will be new offers in the future, right? Let's listen to the opinions of the media: "Life and death, love and despair, poisoning and sobriety, hatred and forgiveness, although there are too many sections of life to analyze, although the director is unable to do his best, the beautiful image and precise acting still restore the overall quality. ”, “A work of purifying the soul that taps into the depth of the title, and outlines the profound subject matter with honest brushstrokes”, “There are a lot of problems with the distribution of scenes and parallel editing, and the bridges of cheap melodrama appear from time to time to make people unhappy”, "The new ideas are lacking, but they are not lost". . . . The heroine Halle Bailey has finally received the long-lost praise since "The Wife on Death Row", and above her is Benicio de Toro's "indescribable" acting - "heroin overdose". Not to mention the physical level, the spiritual realm expresses the hidden sadness in a dangerous and ambiguous way, which is amazing!!!" - Even "New York Post", "New York Times", "Washington Post" ” and other negatives, in the face of De Toro’s invincible skills, they can only be speechless and nod in the affirmative. 5. "2007 Summer Inventory" series of special topics (10) [Back to Contents] Finally, we are going to summarize this year's summer vacation (reader: um, summer? This pig head is right!!!......). Due to the passage of time, Xiaosheng is also the one who thinks of what to say. Therefore, in order to facilitate the browsing of friends, the simple description is modeled after the recent revision. This week, I will briefly analyze the characteristics of ten "2007 summer vacation files". Everyone is welcome to take a positive attitude and actively participate in the discussion, ^_^! The next inventory will mainly focus on "reading and writing". ↓The "Big Three in May" finally presented a box office pattern of "shrinking in order of appearance", which undoubtedly exposed the "short-lived" attribute of current movie releases. Every weekend, one or even more of their own blockbusters grab the beach, making the filmmakers have no time to work on how to maintain their staying power (the next week's drop of less than 1/3 is an impossible task...) - how to make the first week It has become the top priority of the current Hollywood film market to make a large-scale painting as much as possible. ↓It is understandable that the shortening of the average theater operation cycle makes the competition more cruel, but it is debatable whether it is safe for the theater owner to give the green light to the big production for the sake of insurance. When "Spider-Man III" accounted for nearly 90% of the entire market share in its opening weekend (especially when two such excellent films as "The Willows" and "The Waitress" were still shown in the same period), I believe that countless practitioners Everyone was restless. Although the industry is still resisting slightly in the face of the wave of blockbuster films. For example, the nominations for major Oscar awards are increasingly inclined to low-cost independent productions, but from the shrinking audience ratings of the Oscars, it is not difficult to see the audience. Interests, no matter the movie market. ↑ Practice has proved that the myth of the sequel is not impossible to maintain, but the harvest level is indisputably proportional to the degree of excitement. The big loss of the "Big Three in May" (especially "Spider-Man III" has the biggest drop) has made all fans feel downcast, and of course the part of the proceeds from the "second viewing" has nowhere to go. Fortunately, "Die Hard IV" and "Spy Shots III" set an example in the sequel production, and their "series most profitable" record is well-deserved. →It is no coincidence that it is not a book, it happens that "Die Hard IV" and "Spy Shots III" continue the "21st century action movie realistic trend" (the "Spy Shots" series is even the pioneer of this "retro-pop" trend), while The popularity of "Transformers", which also strives to create a realistic atmosphere, is also obvious to all, which points out the direction for Hollywood action blockbusters (such as the "007" series) in the next few years. → The concentration of the "Big Three in May" not only made the mid-to-late April become a "victim of saving energy for the summer vacation", but also turned the "relative low tide period" in summer into an "absolute low tide period" in June. Although the No. 1 dark horse of the summer vacation, "Big Belly" came out of June, several well-known loss-making deals such as "Surfing Penguin", "Fake God II", and "Fantastic Four II: Silver Shadow Crisis" eloquently proved that "the valley of June" The blood and tears fact. The "Ratatouille", which accidentally stepped on the end of the minefield, is also tragic. It took a lot of hard work to get through the local box office of 200 million US dollars. Unfortunately, it became the reverberation of the "low tide period in June". ↓ Although "Ratatouille" has the "human and human" of CG animation, the box office is still flat. On the one hand, it suffers from not occupying the "place advantage" of June, and on the other hand, it exposes a very terrible "time of day". Excluding this film and "Big Belly" in the top ten at the box office, they are all non-original works, whether it is a blatant sequel such as "The Big Three in May", or the likes of "Transformers" and "The Simpsons" that have been transferred from TV to the screen. Staggering: After the "Series" mode made sure audiences got the hero, pirate, or monster they wanted, the audience's enthusiasm for exploring new screen originals dwindled; At the same time, in the face of the trend of watching sequels, watching adaptations, and watching remakes consciously set off within the passenger flow, filmmakers must be crying without tears, right? ... Before rushing to complain about the upcoming "The Chronicles of Narnia II", "Indiana Jones IV" and "Batman VI", should we also reflect on: who made the audience lose confidence in the original film in the first place Woolen cloth? ↓ "Spider-Man III" fully proves that the vitality and freshness that a director can inject into a series is limited. "Ignored); and "Spider-Man II" of that year and "The Spy Shots III" this year added that for a director with pursuit and talent, it is often the easiest to take care of a series for the second time. It's an excellent time to climb to the peak of artistic achievement. When it comes to "three visits to the cottage", they are likely to only hand over a well-established licensed product. Switching series directors is riskier, though, and Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix is the perfect footnote - some directors don't even deserve a chance! ! ! ↑Because of the increasingly obvious "June low tide period", the "July heat wave", which is no less than the "May crest", became more prosperous under the leadership of "Transformers" and "Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix". Taking advantage of the updraft in July, "Hairspray", "The Simpsons", and "Spy Shots III" were frequently out of stock, making the "American-style altitude characteristics" of the summer season "high on both sides and low in the middle" at a glance. →"Forty-Year-Old Virgin", "Talladega Nights: Ricky Bobby's Love Song", "Super Bad" jumped to the gate in mid-August for three consecutive years, which seems to indicate the end of the second half of August There is the "Final Madness" of the summer season, but since all three can be attributed to Judd Apatow, and going back two years is "Alien vs. Predator" and "Freddy vs. Jason" As the leader of the army, he did not dare to draw conclusions about the existence or not of the "last little climax". ↓The summer that used to be called the "scare season" has become less and less suitable for horror movies. Previously, the sales curves of "Wheat Field Symbol", "Spiritual Village" and "Water Demon" directed by Nate Hiyamalan were not enough to explain the problem because of the feeling of "self-defeating"; ", "Hostel II", "Double-Faced Murder", "Deadly Visit", the large-scale lack of excitement is not accidental. I secretly think that horror films have the highest requirements for "original" in all genres, and a new concept is proposed (such as "A pervert wearing a mask can't be beaten to death", "It turns out that I am a ghost...", "Japanese women are forever Won't forgive you!") often set the victories. Therefore, the adaptation of "1408 Phantom of the Fierce", which successfully imitated "After Tomorrow"'s trick of "combining all the elements of disaster" and gathered various claustrophobic horrors, survived the economic crisis of "horror movies as a whole unsalable" because of its uniqueness. On the other hand, "28 II", "Brigade II", and "Deadly" follow the essence of the first or the old version without breaking through and eventually lead to failure ("Double Side" is due to Lindice Lohan's own box office appeal. Diving so no comment). ... In the golden summer, the requirements for horror films are actually much stricter than those in the spring and autumn! 6. "2008 Oscar Front" Series (3) [Back to List] October 15 ↑ "Love in the Time of Cholera" (directed by Mike Newell) won the talk show queen Oprah · Winfrey's solemn recommendation, as we all know, this woman once supported "Crash" the year before. ↑ "Grace is Gone" (directed by James C. Strath) John Cusack, who is accused of giving "the highest acting skills of his career", won the "ShowEast 2007" exhibition's star of the year award. ↑ "Before the Devil Knows You're Dead" (directed by Sidney Lumet) is rumored to be an acting battle that will fully tap the power of the luxurious cast. October 16 ↓ The quality of "Reservation Road" (directed by Terry George) is not as expected, presumably the three starring Joaquin Phoenix, Jennifer Connelly, Mark Ruffalo's Oscar nominations are also will be in a hard fight. ↑ "A Mighty Heart" (directed by Michael Winterbottom) Angelina Jolie wins Santa Barbara Film Festival's Outstanding Performance of the Year Award. ↑ "American Gangster" (directed by Ridley Scott) decides to sign Russell Crowe in "Best Supporting Actor" to avoid confrontation with fellow actor Denzel Washington carnage. October 17 ↑ "The Diving Bell and the Butterfly" (directed by Julian Schubert) worthy of attention is the performance of Matthew Amalik's shock and the concise and moving performance of Max von Seed 's acting skills. ↑ The voice of "La Vie en Rose" (directed by Olivier Dahan) is growing, and at this stage it has been revealed that "Marion Cotillard will lead the Golden Globe Award for music/comedy actress!" industry perspective. ↓ "Away from Her" (directed by Sarah Polley) is accused of Julie Christie's nomination for Best Supporting Actor with Gordon Pinsent if she can't occupy an absolute dominant position in the movie queen front. October 18 ↑ "Juno" (directed by Jason Reitman) is rumored to be the comedy dark horse of the independent film industry that hopes to make big news at next year's Oscars ceremony, ... Really! ? ↑ Philip Seymour Hoffman and Ethan Hawke, who play brothers in "Before the Devil Knows You're Dead," are tipped to be nominated for sure... Really! ? ↑ "Atonement" (directed by Joe White) "The most eye-catching performance comes from James McAvoy!". Oct. 19 → Whether "Margot at the Wedding" (directed by Noah Bernbach) earns Nicole Kidman's third Oscar nomination is entirely up to the film Possessing the strength to be nominated for the Best Picture Award. ↓ "An American Crime" (directed by Tommy O'Have) has rumors of "abandoning the cinema and selling directly to DVD". The heroine of the film, Kathleen Keener, is currently the number one popular candidate for next year's actress. … ↓ "Blueberry Nights" (My Blueberry Nights, directed by Wong Kar-wai) has been pushed from 2007 to February 13, 2008. Goodbye, Little Golden Man! October 20 ↑ Little Cuba Gooding of "American Gangster" finally showed his long-lost strength "worthy of the Oscar winner". ↑ Angelina Jolie of "Strong Heart" has picked up her voice in the face of mixed praise from rivals such as Halle Bailey and Rhys Witherspoon, and is accused of rekindling the hope of "reversal nomination". ↑ The role played by John Cusack of "Happiness Is Dead" is different from all his screen images so far. At this stage, the industry's opinion of "the first dark horse of the actor's front line!" has been revealed. October 21 ↓ Heath Ledger and Richard Gere of "I'm Not There" (directed by Todd Hines), the rumored interpretation of Bob Dylan's feelings Several of the other leading actors in the film are out of tune. ↓ "Waitress" (Waitress, directed by Adrian Shirley) has gradually declined, and Carrie Russell's nomination for Best Actress and Adrian Shirley's Best Original Screenplay nomination are in a hurry. ↓ Whether "Charlie Wilson's War" (directed by Mike Nichols) is the invincible king or a big failure is currently confusing, at this stage, it has been revealed that "the film will become the key to this year's Oscar front, and the quality will be good and bad. It directly led to a drastic change in the competition pattern!" The industry's point of view. 7. The new films "The Comeback", "Sarah and the Mysterious Hour", and "The 2007 Remake of the Ten Commandments" [Back to List] Three new films that had no intention of interfering with the Oscars were unusually cold, "The Comebacks" (The Comebacks), "Sarah and the Mystery" The weekend box office/number of theaters/average of "Sarah Landon and the Paranormal Hour" (Sarah Landon and the Paranormal Hour) and "The Ten Commandments 2007" (The Ten Commandments [2007]) are: $5.85 million/2812 houses/about $2080, 560,000$/1121/about 500$, 480,000$/830/about 580$. By the way: Tim Burton's The Nightmare Before Christmas in Disney Digital 3-D [2007 Reissue] is back in 3D this week, with an average of 564 theaters Xiuyi's figure of more than $9,100 earned nearly $5.15 million. Due to the nature of double-cooked fried rice, it will not be compared with your "raw rice" for the time being. "Comingback" scored 30 points in the media's comprehensive review (no statistics from Yahoo, 8% freshness on Rotten Tomatoes!) All negative comments: "It's natural to refuse to set up a special media premiere", "Shameless is not unbearable, and it's boring. It's unbearable or unbearable!", "It's unbelievable that such a bad person has the face to be released on a large scale in theaters".... Even worse, "Sarah and the Mysterious Hour" media review scored 28 points (Yahoo did not count, and the freshness of Rotten Tomatoes was 0%!!!): "In order to avoid scolding the mother, let's call it 'amateur'!", " The acting and the directing are unconvincing - but the question is whether there was an acting or directing in this film!?"  …. Finally, it was the turn of the "Ten Commandments 2007 Animated Edition" with a 25-point comprehensive review by the media (Yahoo did not count, and the freshness rate on Rotten Tomatoes was 18%): "The background is acceptable, and the character modeling is shoddy (especially the terrible skin). ) makes movie viewing a punishment”, “… Could it be worse!?”…. 8. Box office status of other films: "Love of Inflatable Dolls" maintains a good pace! [Back to List] ↑Disney became the fourth distribution company to break the $1 billion mark at the box office this year, taking 285 days (13th in film history), second to Paramount DreamWorks' 189 days (first in history) , Sony's 254 days (the eighth in history), and 255 days in Warner Bros. (the ninth in history). ↑ "Love of Inflatable Dolls" has been expanded to 21 cinemas this week, with an average of $8,800 per theater, still maintaining a good pace, with a total box office of $3.12 million so far. ↑ "To Regret" wrote the lowest weekly drop of "Taylor Paley Productions" with a medium figure of 43.3%, and the accumulated figure of nearly $39 million so far means that it easily exceeds $50 million ("A Crazy Black Woman") Diary"), but also brought a sense of reality to the $63 million that surpassed "Matti's Family Reunion". ↑The "Game Plan" fell to a new low of 26.4% this week, with a total of $69 million so far. Not only does it make the breakthrough of $80 million unsuspecting, it is even expected to surpass the $91 million of "Scorpion King" and refresh the box office peak of "The Rock" in one fell swoop. ↑"Michael Clayton" held the runner-up position with 31.6%, and the current revenue of $22 million shows that it is no longer a problem to reach the "Oscar standard" of $30 million. ↓ "Dark Rise: The Summoner" went offline in 2,338 cinemas this week, setting a new record for the number of cinemas offline in a single weekend in film history, plummeting 80.8%, and the box office total so far is $8.15 million. ↓ "Wild Survival" and "Assassination of Gunslinger" have been expanded to 658 and 301 cinemas respectively this week, with an average of 3,300$ and 1,900$ for a single theater, and the total box office so far is 6.5 million$ and 2.21 million respectively. . → "Crossing Darjeeling" and "Lust, Caution" have expanded to 202 and 125 movie theaters respectively this week, with an average of $6,500 and $4,700 for a single theater, and the total box office so far is $3.9 million and $2.11 million, respectively. . → "Resident Evil III: Extinction" dropped 60.3% in 1,066 cinemas this week, but the total box office total of $50 million so far seems to indicate that surpassing "Resident Evil II: Apocalypse" can be put on the agenda. Nine, next week's notice [return to list] Compared with the most competitive weekend in history, next week can be described as "the wind is coming, the water is not booming". The reason why I talk about "Yin Feng" is that the latest episode of the "Chainsaw" series will take advantage of the beautiful scenery of Halloween to perform on stage and attract wealth. After the baptism of blood for three years, the major companies who are knowledgeable have basically dared to acquiesce in anger as the boss of "Mr. Jigsaw" - don't you see "Halloween", the originator of the concept of "Halloween schedule", and even moved to work. Thanks day. Therefore, in the face of a new round of offensive in the "Chainsaw" series, all the princes have retreated, and only Disney will sacrifice the light comedy "Real Life" of "Fake Gods II" Steve Carell in 1,700 theaters. "Dan in Li" let it go, I don't know how this "forty-year-old virgin" will survive in Mr. Jigsaw's life-threatening mechanism...? Box office: 1. The upstart horror film Saw IV, which has completel