Difficulty acquaintances: the United States a pair of homeless wedding (Figure) Dante White is a homeless. He met Niani Chestnut, who was also homeless, while "seeking life" on the streets of Washington, the capital of the United States, and the two fell in love. After years of dating, the two homeless people married last week in a dream wedding with the help of well-wishers. Difficulty met White, who is 29 years old, and began living on the streets of Washington at the age of 14. He never thought that he would one day marry someone he loves. However, on the 2nd of this month, he and 39-year-old Chestnut married a "stray" couple. Chestnut said she was living on the streets because of alcohol and drugs. "I basically ate a meal and tried to survive, and then I met him." Chestnut told AFP on the 8th: "We got along very well as soon as we met, as if there was chemistry. That was 9 years ago." She said that the two have been together ever since, "We Chatting together." On Saturdays, White and Chestnut liked to go to a church in Georgetown together. This church provides free lunches for the homeless. They can also listen to the pastor's lectures here. A few months ago, White told a local church-goer that he hoped he could save a little to afford a wedding and be of one mind with Chestnut. After the resident told his friends about the incident, they felt they could help White. Resident Margaret Davis said: "Everyone thinks that you don't have to wait for money to get married." Dream Wedding Davis said that many local residents who frequent the church decided to help White achieve marriage. Wishes, "Someone helped with flowers, I helped with rings, a girl helped them make cakes, and someone helped buy dresses." In addition to these, there was a church regular for White and Chesnut in a 5-star Virginia home Class hotels prepaid for two days for their honeymoon. With the help of these kind people, White and Chestnut can finally enter the marriage hall. On the wedding day on the 2nd, the groom wore a black dress with a pink satin vest and tie; the bride wore a white wedding dress and held pink flowers. Pastor John Graham, who officiated at their wedding, said the pair were nervous. After the wedding ceremony, the newlyweds took photos with everyone outside the church, and the two lovingly fed each other chocolate cake. Accompanied by a live band, they danced their first dance since they met. "It's more beautiful than I ever imagined, and this is the wedding of my dreams," the bride said.