Prospects: Broken Rockets do not believe that the nightmare Yao wants to fight like a leader Sina Sports News At 8:30 am Beijing time on November 7th, the four-game losing streak Houston Rockets will challenge the San Antonio Spurs in the Southwest. The Rockets have been hit hard in the new season, and have repeatedly been unable to withstand the last moment. So far, they have lost four straight. This time against the Spurs, the Rockets must go all out to stop the decline, otherwise the nightmare of 0 wins and 5 losses at the beginning of the 1999-2000 season will recur. But judging from the matchup between the two sides and the recent state of the Spurs, the Rockets' prospects are still not optimistic. After the start of the new season, the Spurs are in very good shape. If they can beat the Rockets, they will have their best start since the 2007-2008 season. The Spurs have changed their slow heat and have a new look in the new season. The biggest reason is that Richard Jefferson has been integrated into Gregg Popovich's offensive system. In the 2009-2010 season, Jefferson was a newcomer and seemed extremely uncomfortable. His three-point shooting rate was only 31.6%, and he averaged only 12.3 points per game. In preseason training camp, Popovich's main task is to make Jefferson compatible with the team's existing system. "This summer, we are all working together to find the point of coexistence, so that he can find the state of bravery when he played at the University of Arizona." Judging from the actual combat effect, Jefferson and the Spurs' adaptation period has passed. The Spurs have 3 wins and 1 losses in the first four games. Jefferson has contributed a lot. He made 8 of 15 shots from beyond the arc and became the team's scoring leader with an average of 20 points per game. In the Spurs' 112-110 win over the Phoenix Suns last game, Jefferson scored a season-high 28 points and hit four 3-pointers in the fourth quarter. "When you come here, you will face a new attacking system, and you have to learn how to be tougher on the offensive end. Last season, I struggled with this, and now I know what to do and can focus on doing it. It's a very different thing from last season." The win over the Suns marked a career milestone for Tim Duncan. After scoring a season-high 25 points, he has surpassed George Gervin in total points and rose to team history. Second, only 81 points away from David Robinson who scored 20,790 points. For Yao Ming, this will be another difficult matchup. Yao Ming has played three games so far, averaging 22 minutes per game, scoring 12.7 points and 7.3 rebounds. In the Rockets' loss to the Hornets, Yao Ming scored a season-high 15 points and 5 rebounds on 5-of-11 shooting in 21 minutes. Judging from the game, although it is still far from normal, Yao Ming is gradually finding a rhythm on the offensive end. However, on the defensive end, Yao Ming's footwork still has a big problem, and more importantly, under the Rockets' fast system, his role has been greatly weakened. "We must see positive factors from bad things, and we need to see where we should improve. It's not too late to wake up from now on." Yao Ming has taken the initiative to take responsibility, but his physical condition and the Rockets' Will his style of play give him a chance to lead his team to bottom out? For the Rockets, another difficult matchup is the No. 1 position. The Rockets lost four games in a row, and the defensive weakness of the No. 1 position was infinitely enlarged. This time, when they encountered the extremely fast Tony Parker, the situation was still not optimistic. Last season, Parker missed the last two games between the Spurs and the Rockets due to injury, which gave Aaron Brooks a chance to make waves. He averaged 21.8 points and 4.3 assists per game when he played with the Spurs. After the start of this season, last season's most improved player not only has many holes on the defensive end, but also greatly weakens the power of offense. The average assists per game has risen to 6.3, but the shooting percentage is only 40.7%, and the average is only 16 points per game. . In addition, as the team's point guard, Brooks has repeatedly delayed the fighters recklessly, so that the Rockets' overall offense often gets stuck. In the face of Parker this time, if Brooks can't stand up, the Rockets may be hard to come out of it. It's true that the house leaks and it rains overnight, and the strong backup and defensive giant Kyle Lowry will not go to San Antonio with the team. Brooks' performance becomes more and more important. In the four-game losing streak, the biggest problem exposed by the Rockets is that the defense is full of loopholes. After four games, the Rockets dropped an average of 114.5 points. The Rockets repeatedly lost good games in the second half, and the culprit was poor defense. In the first four games, the Rockets lost an average of 62.3 points in the second half. In the first half, they were able to limit the opponent's shooting percentage to 40.6%. In the second half, they were collectively undefended, and the opponent's shooting percentage soared to 50%. Losing to the Hornets at home is the most ready example, the second half of the game, the Rockets dropped 64 points. "This is not a simple problem, we need to continue to work hard until it (defensive) is resolved." Coach Rick - Adelman said. Looking at all the circumstances, the Rockets are going to have many difficulties, and the only good psychological hint is: last season, the Rockets maintained a complete victory over the Spurs in their four games. Expected starting lineup for both sides: Houston Rockets: Aaron Brooks, Kevin Martin, Sean Battier, Luis Scola, Yao Ming; San Antonio Spurs: Tony Parker, Manu Ginobili, Richard - Jefferson, Tim Duncan, DeJuan Blair. (Stray dogs)