Time Magazine Cover Article: The Real Half the Sky The cover article of this issue of Time Magazine analyzes the current situation of "Yin Prosperity and Yang Decay" in American society. The article argues that a series of changes in women's employment, economic and social status are the result of decades of social change. The progress of society is impressive, but it does not mean that all problems have been solved. More people said in the survey that the government and business have not made due adjustments to this social change. At the same time, research also shows that, as women's status in society continues to improve, their happiness and feelings of happiness in life decline instead of rising. So far there is no theory to explain this. By the end of this year, for the first time in U.S. history, the majority of workers are expected to be women. This is a remarkable change in a generation, and it is accelerating. The momentum is mostly in the nursing, retail and customer service industries, according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics. Women have become the mainstay of income for nearly 40% of households in the United States, or can provide important income for the basic living security of the family. Their purchasing power has never been stronger, and their choice has never been more impactful. With this in mind, the Rockefeller Foundation has partnered with this publication to conduct a wide-ranging survey of all segments of society to understand how ordinary people respond to gender issues. Questions raised in the survey include whether the war between the sexes is truly over, and if so, who wins; how men view women's rising status; and what kind of emotions, such as resentment, confusion, or gratitude, are reshaping family life, affecting the overall economy and economy. Gender roles were rearranged; what caused the scene. A study of the survey results found that both men and women agreed with what they considered to be the most important factors, while the notion that women's rising status came at the expense of men disappeared. With the traditional economy unraveling and work pressures increasing for couples, both have concerns about the impact of the changes on their children, and their frustration with corporate institutions that refuse to acknowledge the dramatic changes that have taken place. They argue that men and women are jointly experiencing the struggle to reinvent themselves in the new era. In the 1970s, American society was in the midst of drastic changes, in which the feminist movement was in the ascendant. The social status of women at that time was different from that of today. They are very few (less than 2%) at the top of power. There have been no female cabinet members since the Eisenhower administration, and no female justices on the Supreme Court. For example, only 6 of Harvard's 421 faculty members are women. Even headhunters bemoan that it's easier to put men on the moon than to find women on the job site. But in any case, there were indeed many felt changes in society at that time, and there was also hope of breaking the foundation of patriarchy. GloriaMarie Steinem, a well-known American feminist activist, journalist and social and political activist, believes that in terms of actual economic and political rights, the rise of women's status is only the beginning, but in terms of awareness and consciousness is something completely different. In the mid-1970s, only 7% of students participating in high school sports were girls, and now it has increased sixfold; the dropout rate for girls has dropped by half; the ratio of boys to girls on college campuses used to be almost always 60:40, but now Upside down; almost half of law and medical degrees are now awarded to women, up from nearly 10% in the 1970s. Half of the presidents of Ivy League schools are women, and three of the four U.S. secretaries of state in recent years are women. There are also five women who won the 2009 Nobel Prizes in Medicine, Chemistry, Economics and Literature. The current US president was also raised by a single mother, and he married a female lawyer whose status and income were higher than him. Yet today's boardrooms, college teachers, and even professions like hedge funds are still dominated by men. Women make up only 10 percent of civil engineers; one-third of physicians and surgeons; but 98 percent of kindergarten teachers and dental assistants. They still earn less than men. But women's health insurance premiums are higher, and they spend more on basics like women's health care. It is recessions that create crises that change the roles of men and women in the family. Several recent surveys have shown that women are more worried than men about household financial security. At a time when most workers' earnings were down, women's average earnings fell 2 percent last year, more than men's. In addition, women's subprime mortgages can be more than 32% higher than men's, making them more vulnerable to a housing crisis. The recession affects nearly all basic decisions in family life, with nearly half of women with families under $75,000 interviewed deciding to delay childbearing or reduce the number of children, according to the Guttmacher Institute, a reproductive health group. Another new survey, conducted by research firm GfKRoper, sheds new light on the rising status of women: 65% of women are in charge of household financial planning, and 71% say they are family accountants. According to the findings of another market research agency Mediamark Research & Intelligence, 75% of household purchase decisions are made by wives. In short, women today control more wealth than at any time in history. Now from the perspective of most people of different ages, incomes and ideologies, women's increasing role in the workforce is good for the economy and society as a whole. Eight out of ten respondents said that mothers are as productive at work as fathers, or as childless workers. Surprisingly, 84% agree that husbands and wives jointly negotiate family economic rules, and the relationship and responsibilities between the two sides have become more negotiated than in the previous generation. About 70% of the surveyed men said they lived a more comfortable and relaxed life than their father's generation, while women said that They are less financially dependent on their husbands than their mothers. But that doesn't mean everything is perfect. More than two-thirds of women expressed male resentment against women with enormous power. However, more women do find female bosses more difficult than male bosses. Men are more likely to think that women's obstacles in their careers have been removed, while most women still think men have more opportunities in their lifetimes. In the absence of social support, flexible working arrangements and affordable childcare costs, men and women are actually sharing some deep-seated conflicts. Most surprising, however, is that most men and women surveyed still believe that the best option for a child is for the father to work outside the home and the mother to do the housework. However, the most perplexing phenomenon found by several survey results is that as women gain more freedom and education, and become more economically powerful, their happiness and feelings of happiness decline as a result. Justin Wolfers, a professor of economics at the University of Pennsylvania, said there is currently no theory to explain this phenomenon. He says the phenomenon exists in everything from young to old, from marriage to education to whether or not you have a job. But feminist activist Susan Faludi believes the women's movement has less to do with happiness and joy. It's a movement to make women more open about what torments them. Or that women are now alone wrestling with the pressures and conflicts that make men more unhappy. Wolfers argues that some of the other changes in society that have taken place at home and in the workplace over the past 35 years have affected men quite differently than women. People may be unaware of these changes because of the women's movement, but this is real social change. An equal number of men and women have said they have been under the pressures of everyday life, and most agree that government and business have failed to adapt to the changes in the family. When the traditional economy disappears and men and women face important issues of money, health, work and family, they do have to live the same way. The question now is that if male jobs continue to decline, jobs no longer require physical advantages, and education determines employment opportunities, the question will soon be: what exactly needs to be done to enable American men to reach their full potential. As you can imagine, answering this question would also take an entire generation. Today's world is no longer dominated by men, but it is not a world entirely dependent on women. It is a world of cooperation that needs to remain negotiated and embraced to benefit both men and women equally. (East Anhui)