Xu Donghua: Buying a house should focus on real estate financing rather than real estate speculation (pictured) Moderator: Next, we will invite Mr. Xu from Zhongyi An to give a more market-oriented speech. Xu Donghua, Marketing Director of China Real Estate Guarantee Co., Ltd. Xu Donghua: Good afternoon, everyone! Just now, Director Wang gave you more analysis from the macro level. My expertise is suitable for you to analyze micro things, such as whether you should buy it now, or what kind of products you should buy, or simply ask me a question. , said that I have a fancy for a real estate now, so this real estate is worth buying. Because I have been in real estate development and agency, including intermediaries for the past ten years or so, and now I turn to credit services. Sometimes I also do some real estate investment, participate in such activities, and answer questions for you. Including now, in fact this year, I feel very obvious. For example, in our company, we will also hold some activities. Looking at the whole year of this year, we have about three such activities every month. The audience this year is about 5,000 people. Many people think whether they should buy it, or simply come with questions. I will listen to what you have to say, and finally raise a detailed and specific question. If you bought a house in 2008, you should have made a lot of money in 2009. Will the house we bought in 2009 make money in 2010? If I bought a house in 2010, will I get more money in the future? More income, this is the first problem I want to solve today. Like some 5 million properties in the past, the transfer price can only be 1 million, and the tax payment is only more than 50,000. Now most of the buyers use loans to buy, and the taxable price must be taxed at 5 million. If so, Even if your tax burden is passed on, it will increase to six or seven times, so there will definitely be fluctuations for high-end properties, which is inevitable. I also agree with what Director Wang just said. I should wait and see now and in January. Director Wang's point of view is to wait and see for the entire first quarter. I suggest watching in January. February is the traditional low season. If you want to vote now, you can watch, but Not necessarily right away. Several new policies, business tax policies, to be honest, except for high-end properties with a total price of more than three to five million, the impact of others will not be great. For properties with a higher total price, the cost of taxes and fees will definitely rise. 05 When the business tax was paid out in 2007, the growth rate of house prices in that year was about 30%. When the business tax was paid out in 2007, the house price rose again rapidly, and it was almost at the level of 20% and 30%. Today's first loan and second home loan are differentiated housing loans. After you have a loan, it doesn't mean you can't take a loan, but you need to provide more holding funds. Now I believe that everyone has not invested in the current real estate in full. With the help of With credit funds, your income can be maximized. There is a lot of talk about property tax now. I think it is unlikely to come out at least in February and March next year. There are many things that are not available now. If there is a property tax, the current land transfer system must be changed. Now you pay 3% of the land transfer fee. , Residential 70 years, this money has been paid by the developer. If you pay property tax for one year, you will have the right to use for one year. If you pay the property tax for 100 years, you can theoretically use it for 100 years. If this problem is not solved, It can't be run, and now the property tax is in the form of idling to check whether the market can accept it. In 2009, we can see that the issues under discussion now are who is buying a house, who is buying a house, why is buying a house, and how long can this situation last? In fact, we can see today that the proportion of rigid demand in the entire purchase of houses has begun to decline. These two sets of figures are compared with the data in 2007 and around June this year. In 2007, the buyers mainly lived in their own homes. , about 76%. This year, the consumption of self-occupation has declined to only 55%. Only half of the people cannot buy a house because of the demand for marriage houses or if they do not change houses. There are also short-term speculation, buying and selling. Many of you feel this opportunity. Everyone concentrates on short-term speculation in existing houses, or in other words, they collect a batch of houses in their hands and quickly realize this. There are also such situations, but under the current policy , the short-term space is getting smaller and smaller, although there are some rises, but I do not recommend such investment behavior, because it is indeed relatively risky. There is also a need for long-term real estate financing. I am reminding real estate speculation, real estate investment and real estate financing when I am doing activities. Now many people want to buy a house, which may take a long time. Of course, the price will appear in the middle. It may be cashed out when it is particularly suitable. Otherwise, it will be held for three or five years. There will be more and more people like this. If everyone thinks like this, people who want to buy a house will find that there are fewer and fewer houses. Four There are fewer and fewer large-scale projects in the ring, and there are fewer and fewer single-unit large-scale real estate projects. In 2010, there were only a handful of newly opened projects, and the rest were all projects in the second and third phases. They were sold in Beijing in 2009. With more than 400,000 houses sold, what would happen if the government must bring down the housing price? Many people will not repay their loans, because it is unnecessary if they fall below their net worth, and the ultimate risk must be passed on to the bank. Although there is a curb now, it is to curb the rapid rise, not to curb the rise in house prices. Just now we saw Director Wang give an example. Funds and stocks do not dare to invest, but I still think real estate is a more realistic thing, because first of all, it is a consumer product, and it is a daily necessities of life, and secondly it is an investment product. There are not many products with dual attributes. . If the market is very good, you can choose to speculate. What he is after is huge profits. For example, in the past, you took 100,000 yuan and sold 300,000 yuan at the opening. If you have ten sets in your hand, what is the concept? This is short-term. What he pursues is capital appreciation, and the risk factor is also very high. In the past, there was a joke that speculated a house and became a landlord. If you don’t sell it, you have to buy it back, and then sell the real estate. Today, this kind of behavior is less and less, because the government is too strict, and even most real estate cannot appear, so there is no room for real estate speculation in first-tier cities, and the intensity of control in second-tier cities Smaller, maybe there is still a chance. If you have spare money in your hand and don’t have many investment channels, you can choose to invest. The concept of investment is equivalent to wealth management. Now fewer people buy stocks and more funds, and they don’t want to lose their money. Even if you earn a little less, you can bring some income. The coefficient of this risk is very low, and the return on investment is also diverse. Are house prices rising, maybe not, and maintain an average level, but there are still rental income, Why do so many people still want to come in at such a high point? Let's take an example. At the beginning of Wangjing, many Koreans invested in houses. Finally, when you saw many people leaving Wangjing, there was an article called "Escape from Wangjing". I gradually understood a truth. Many people bought it for 20,000 yuan at the time, but sold it for 15,000 yuan when he returned to Korea. When he bought it, it might be 20 million won, and when he sold it, it might be 40 million. Now, why is the control of foreigners buying houses so strict? Many people want to bet on the appreciation of the renminbi. In addition to the comparison between real estate and land, there are also commercial and residential properties. The demand for commercial properties is easy to be saturated. It is difficult for us to say how the economy will be in this year, whether there will be another subprime mortgage crisis, and whether Dubai will run out of money again. A shock, this is hard to say. In addition, if investing, it is best to invest in the field of residence, because the demand for residence must be protected by the policy, and the turnover rate is very fast. If you calculate it like this, most people will own at least four sets in their lifetime. Real estate, buy a house when you get married, and when you have children, you are thinking about housing in the school district. When you are in your 30s or 40s and your income structure is relatively healthy, you should consider investing if you have money in your hands. Maybe you are older. When you are old, you have to change houses, so it is normal to have four suites in your life. The demand for houses is constantly changing, which means that the probability of this taking over is very high. It is not a work of art, it is an investment in art. You have the risk of gambling. Only when there are more people recognized by the market outlook can you make money. It's like living. Don't worry, this kind of art will always be recognized by people. What short-term investment earns is the price difference. In fact, the meaning of short-term investment is not much, unless everyone’s current investment direction is not in Beijing, but in second- and third-tier cities, such as Lhasa, or Qinghai, Xining, as provincial capital cities with two or three thousand housing prices It must be abnormal. In 2004, I said that houses in Hohhot will definitely make money. I said that the price of a capital city is one or two thousand. There are too many abnormal factors. At that time, some people listened to me, and some people did not. In two years, it has increased by 150%. It is worthwhile to do short-term in such a situation, because the starting point is relatively low, or due to the lack of current policies, there are loopholes that can be exploited. We in the industry feel very obvious. It’s alright, you can still use it if you find someone to change your name, until it is changed to an online signature. In this case, the chances of exploiting the loophole are getting smaller and smaller, and it does require courage. Many industry insiders have not seen it in this year’s market. For second-hand houses, short-term opportunities still exist. If your focus is on the short-term, I suggest you find some intermediary brokers. They have a lot of information in their hands. Many people say that they are eager to cash out when they buy a house. This house has been sold. A friend of mine wanted to go abroad a few days ago. The price of 2,000 square meters should be sold at a normal market price of 27,000 or 80%. Even if the tax is paid once, there is still a certain profit margin. Opportunities are not absent. You said that short-term speculation of second-hand houses, and then using loans is very inappropriate. In this case, if you fancy a house, you need to raise all the funds to buy it in the shortest possible time. The means of operation here a lot of. The risk in the transaction is also relatively high. It is not the risk of house price changes, but the risk of buying fake housing, such as a fake real estate license, or there are some flaws. First, the holding period is too long, or the price is fast. derogatory. But we use another concept to understand how much money you made ten years ago, and how much a pound of garlic was worth ten years ago. There is also a factor that the RMB will depreciate in China. Why do people who buy houses now have to resort to loans? Under the expectation, you are right to hold real estate, and you are right to hold real estate in debt. Our real estate loan may take 20 years. You have loaned 2 million. How many things can you buy today for 2 million? Ten years later, this 2 million debt will put less pressure on you. How much you will pay for a 2 million loan this year should be about 13,000 yuan. What is the concept of 13,000 yuan after ten years? Ten years ago Households with 10,000 yuan are the richest class in this society. Today’s households with 10,000 yuan can only buy affordable housing. Perhaps households with 10,000 yuan in three years and 5 years are subsistence allowances. This is the probability of today’s debt, and the loan ratio reaches 8. % or so, whether you have money or not, you are in debt, and you can do other things with the cash in your hand. Such diversified returns are the benefits you can get. Suppose you hold the property for three to ten years, how will your return be structured? Apart from what you just said about the house, how much it will increase after ten years, you can see the rent. If you don’t live in it, you can rent it out, with convenient transportation, Real estate with mature living facilities is easier to rent, such as along the railway line, the apartment size is small, and the overall rental price is relatively low. For example, in a community, we refer to ordinary houses. Two-bedroom apartments are often between 100 and 120 square meters. The unit price is 15,000 when the developer sells it, and the total price drops to 1.8 million. The monthly rent reaches 3,000 yuan. It is 1:600. If the area is 60 square meters, the unit price is 16,000, the total price is 1 million, and the rent is 2,400. Now in most communities, everyone has this experience. There is almost no obvious difference between the rent of a two-bedroom and a one-bedroom. The older the house, or the smaller the overall size of the house, the shorter the investment return cycle, and it is possible to invest in more real estate. The same 1.8 million can be used to invest in two one-bedroom apartments, then The best investment is for the working class. For example, I received a call yesterday from a former friend. He looked at the second-hand housing in Shanghai Shangmingyuan. He said that it can be rented for more than 6,000 yuan. He goes to Nancheng and buys one on Line 4. The rent is also more than 2,000. I said that according to the price of Nancheng, you can buy two houses in Nancheng for a house you buy here. You also need to consider how long the vacancy rate of apartment houses is. Time, the vacancy rate of apartment-type residential buildings will have a vacancy period of one and a half months even in 2007 when the market is relatively good. For residential houses, the vacancy period I have seen is within one month. If it is sold at the market price, it is very It is rare for a month, and now the vacancy period of the properties on Line 4 and Line 5 is within a month, although they can be rented out. For example, the current transportation facilities are not complete, and the surrounding commercial facilities and living atmosphere are not strong, and the rental returns of properties with large apartment sizes are unstable. It does not mean that you cannot invest, but if your investment focus is long-term holding, you do not rent. , How many people can rent a three-bedroom apartment of 180 square meters? Including now our competitiveness is no problem, maybe what will happen when we are seventy years old? A few years ago, it was a welfare distribution. If there are more houses, you can rent them out now, and you can also supplement your income by collecting rent. Like Meng Xiaosu from China Real Estate Group, he made a home-return mortgage product, and he changed it. A concept, it is not a loan when you are young, it may be a loan all your life, which sounds scary, but it means that you are older, you have a house, you can give the house to the bank, and after the bank evaluates it, How much money is given to you each month, you can go to a nursing home, the bank will give you money, until you die, get the property back, or be redeemed by your heirs, so you don't have to worry about the stress of old age. I am still optimistic about real estate investment. For some specific areas, our editor said that some real estates or areas are recommended. It is difficult to recommend real estates because each real estate has its own characteristics. I am wrong and it is not very good for everyone. OK, thank you all! i want to comment