Li Liming said that the filming of "Mei Lanfang" is not afraid to compare with Leslie Cheung. I have never been good at socializing. After the filming of "Mei Lanfang", I found that Mei Lanfang was not paid, maybe it was because of that era, everyone was pure and didn't think so much, so he could produce such a big deal. Artistic power, people think too much now A gentleman he likes, but Chen Kaige has no time to participate in the filming. He told Liming through his manager: Let him be my actor in the future. I didn't expect it to be a reality today. It was confirmed that Li Ming would play Mei Lanfang, and Chen Kaige suffered a lot of doubts. Few people believed that the idol star who went to Hong Kong in his childhood and was educated in the United Kingdom could play the role of Mei Lanfang, a famous actress. Liming saw someone on the Internet saying: "Liming is really lucky in the year of the pig, and he can actually let him play this drama." Thinking of this, he couldn't help laughing: "I am lucky in the year of the pig, and I met a good director. , a good script, such a good team." While waiting for the start, Liming counted down nervously every day, "There are still 50 days to start, 40 days to start, and 30 days to start." Chen Kaige couldn't help but stare at him. Li Liming shouted, "How can I direct you to act? If you don't shoot well, the problem lies with me. What are you afraid of! The director's shoulders are very strong, and I can carry it completely." At the same time as the countdown, he began to follow Mei Lanfang's disciples. Li Yufu studied Peking Opera. For two months, she spent six or seven hours of homework every day: walking, turning sleeves, practicing her figure, making appearances, and orchid fingering... all the same. Ever since Liming accepted the role of Mei Lanfang, the comparison between him and Leslie Cheung (Ting Ge) has never ceased, and the person who fought for Li Liming said, "This comparison is unfair, Leslie Cheung's Cheng Dieyi is a fictional character, He can play and make the characters wonderful; Mei Lanfang of Liming, after all, is a real person in history and a familiar character, such a role, how big is Liming's performance space." Others said that Liming took this The work is purely "challenging yourself". Now let me play Mei Lanfang, it's the right time People Weekly: Before filming "Mei Lanfang", how much did you know about Mei Lanfang? How much do you know about Peking Opera? Dawn: I learned about Mr. Mei's deeds through some historical records or documentaries, and did desk work before filming. Mr. Mei is actually a very ordinary person, but in his environment, he has a very unique experience that makes him extraordinary. Before filming, I often talked to Yufu, the teacher who taught me Peking Opera. She gave me a lot of inspiration because she was a descendant of the Mei School. After class, we will go to see Mei Lanfang's stage play. I am very moved by many episodes, because I only have memories of Beijing in my childhood. For some historical background, I only have some impressions, it seems that during that time, The only entertainment is Peking Opera. Peking Opera brings joy to the common people. Later, after the transformation of the times, Peking Opera is also constantly changing. Peking Opera at that time was very delicate in every aspect, regardless of the thought, the structure of the script, and the performance. People Weekly: Do you want to challenge yourself to take on the role of Mei Lanfang? Have you ever thought about it, Mei Lanfang is a familiar character, and playing such a role will have great limitations and risks? Liming: I didn't want to be challenging. When the director first approached me to talk about Mei Lanfang, he knew it was not an easy job as soon as he heard the name. I know he is a perfect artist. I remember that when I was studying in elementary school in Hong Kong, I was walking on a dirt road after school and the bottom of my foot was pierced by a nail. I was about 13 years old. When I met my dad, I asked him, "Are people sure to die?" He said, "Yes." I asked, "Will it be painful to die?" He said, "Some people are painful, others are painful. People don't suffer." I asked, "Will you leave me one day?" He said, "Yes, people will leave this world one day, but before leaving this world, you will have many memories, those are you wealth.” Don’t think too much, just do your best, and it will become your wealth. Regarding risk, my general attitude is that if you can't calculate it, just guess, guess how bad the worst is, and if the worst is not too bad, GO. "Southern People Weekly" talks about the special report of "Mei Lanfang": Mei Baojiu said that Leslie Cheung is a girl and thinks Gillian has a bad image ) Liming said that he was not afraid to compare with Leslie Cheung when he made "Mei Lanfang". Sun Honglei claimed to be a play madman and admitted that Chen Kaige was like his parents (picture) Restore "Mei Lanfang": Southern People Weekly: Mei Lanfang's Charm and Power