Lian Shumei made a cameo appearance in one day, "The Gate of Shengtian", thanks to Zhang Li Sina Entertainment News A few days ago, the TV series "The Gate of Shengtian" directed by Zhang Li is being filmed in Hengdian, and Mai Xiang, an important female character in the film, is Young actors practice Shumei. Lian Shumei made a brief appearance in "The Right Way in the World" directed by Zhang Li, and played the role of Fan Xiliang's sister, the nurse "Fan Yuan". The role of Maixiang in Shengtian's Gate was handed over to her. "The Gate of Shengtian" is written by Zou Jingzhi, and reflects the state of the characters in the revolutionary torrent through the stories of some small people. In the film, Lian Shumei plays Mai Xiang, the tavern owner of Tianmenkou Town. She is a charming widow. But it is such a woman with a true temperament. After meeting Francy, a Communist Party member, her entire fate took a big turn, and a tragic but legendary woman's life was staged. Lian Shumei said that the role of Mai Xiang must put herself in with sincerity, because she is too far away from herself, so she has to put aside herself in life and devote herself to it. Lian Shumei's diligence and self-devotion were also appreciated by the rival actors, saying that she would make a big transformation as long as she stood in front of the camera, which was completely different from her in life. The expression in her eyes immediately revealed that only Mai Fragrance has the kind of charm and style. For being able to get the role of "Maixiang", Lian Shumei is the first to thank Director Zhang Li. In "The Right Way of the World is the Vicissitudes of Life", Lian Shumei once made a cameo appearance in one day, and it was these scenes that made Uncle Li see the multi-faceted potential in her, so he boldly handed the important role of Maixiang to Lian Shumei. . "I am very touched that the director has confidence and insists on letting me challenge a role that I have never tried! Unique!" said Lian Shumei. Text / Lihua