Top 10 endangered languages: some languages with less than 10 users The brink of demise. British linguistics professor and author Peter Austin has selected the top ten endangered languages from thousands of languages that are on the brink of extinction. Professor Austin has published 11 books on minority and endangered languages, including 12 Australian Aboriginal languages. He is a renowned linguist at SOAS, University of London, where he is Director of the Endangered Languages Academic Program. His latest book, 1000 Languages: The Worldwide History of Living and Lost Tongues, examines the state of languages around the world. There are more than 6,900 languages in the world, and the scale of use varies greatly, some are spoken by billions of people, and some are spoken by only one or two people. Linguists now estimate that of the more than 6,900 languages in existence, half of them are in danger of dying out, and by 2050, half of them will be completely gone. The main reason for the demise of languages is that society as a whole is moving towards more politically and economically influential languages such as English, Spanish, Hindi and Swahili. Each language expresses the history, culture, society and identity of the people in which it is used, and each language is a unique way of exploring the world. The demise of any language is a huge loss, both for the people who use it in their daily lives, and for the entire human race. The words, expressions and grammatical structures of language have been developed from generation to generation and are part of the intangible heritage of all mankind. How to choose the 10 most likely to die out of more than 3,000 endangered languages? Austin considered four main factors: 1) geographic coverage, with at least one language selected from each continent; 2) scientific interest, which linguists are interested in given their structural or historical significance, Important at the same time; 3), Cultural Interests, which should include some information on interesting cultural and political aspects of endangered languages; 4), Social Impacts, choose one or two situations that indicate why the language is endangered, while highlighting that society is for them certain ways of responding to threats currently faced. The following are the top ten endangered languages selected by Peter Austin Experts generally agree that Andaman may be the last surviving language in Southeast Asia that dates back to pre-Neolithic times, and that the Andaman Islands were likely the first settlements by modern humans who left Africa for other continents. Andaman is not related to any other language on Earth. 2. The Khoisan language The Khoisan language (N|u or Khomani) has less than 10 speakers, all of whom are elderly, and their traditional territory is located in the Karaha Oryx National Park, South Africa. Khoisan is notable for its click sound - the symbol | is pronounced like the English interjection tsk! used to express regret or shame. The language closest to N|u is !Xó? (also known as Ta'a, used by about 4,000 people), which is the most spoken language in the world: 74 consonants, 31 vowels, and 4 tones. 3. The Ainu language is spoken by only a few elderly people in Hokkaido, the far northern island of Japan. They were originally Japanese aborigines, but were not officially recognized as a minority by the Japanese government until this year. The verbs in Aylu are very complex, incorporating whole sentences with multiple meanings, and are also the vehicle for a wide range of oral literature such as folklore and ballads. The Japanese government is taking steps to revive the Ayuru language and culture. 4. Thao language There are only a few elderly people who speak Thao, concentrated in Sun Moon Lake in central Taiwan. The rest of the Thao people speak Hokkien. Thao, an Austronesian language associated with the local languages of the Philippines, Indonesia and the Pacific Islands, was one of the aborigines before the Austronesians sailed southeast more than 3,000 years ago. 5. Yuchi language There are only 5 people in the world who use Yuchi language, and all of them are over 75 years old. They live in Oklahoma, USA. It is an isolated language, that is, it has no connection with any other language on earth. They call themselves "Tsoyaha", which means "son of the sun". The United States is now taking steps to preserve the language in audio and video, while popularizing it among children, in anticipation of a revival of the language. 6. The Oro Win people live in western Rondônia, Brazil. In 1963, at the crossing of the Pacaas Novos River, they had a first relationship with outsiders. one touch. After two attacks by outsiders, the people were almost wiped out, and today there are only 50 people left, only five of whom still speak their language. Orlovin is one of five languages in the world that are known to frequently use what linguists call "voiceless dental bilabially trilled affricate". That is to say, the Olovenian pronunciation is produced by placing the tip of the tongue between the lips and then vibrating, similar to the sound brrr we express in English when a person shivers when feeling cold. 7. The Kusunda language The Kusunda people used to hunt in western Nepal, and this ethnic group is popular with inbreeding. Not long ago, linguists thought Kusunda was dead, but in 2004, scholars at Tribhuvan University found eight speakers of the language. It is also an isolated language that has no connection with other languages on Earth. 8. Ter Sami Ter Sami is part of the Saami language family, formerly known as Lapp, which is derogatory. There are about 100 Tsami people living on the Kola Peninsula in Russia, and only 10 elderly people use this language. Except for them, the Tsami people now use Russian as their daily language. Tesami, a close relative of Finnish and other Ural languages spoken by Russians and Siberians, also has a little connection to Hungarian. 9. Guugu Yimidhirr Guugu Yimidhirr (Guugu Yimidhirr) is an Australian aboriginal language with about 200 speakers, concentrated in Hopevale near Cooktown in northern Queensland ). In 1770, Captain James Cook found a glossary with English for kangaroos. This language, like other Aboriginal languages, is distinguished by a unique way of speaking to certain family members (such as a man's father-in-law or brother-in-law), where everyday words are replaced by completely different vocabulary. For example, instead of bama dhaday when saying "he is leaving", instead, when talking about these relatives, you must say yambaal bali to show courtesy and respect. 10. Ket language Ket (Ket) is the only extant language of a language family spoken by peoples along the Yenisei River in eastern Siberia. Today, there are about 600 Kate speakers, and local children are now not learning the language because parents prefer to speak to them in Russian. Kate is the only Siberian language with a pronunciation system that sounds like the same word but has different meanings (with some similarities to Chinese and Yuruba). To make matters even more difficult for Westerners wishing to learn Kate, the language also has an extremely complex word structure and grammar. (Xiaowen)