Top 10 ancient observatories overlooking the earth from space On this day, the "sunrise spectacle" here will attract thousands of tourists to watch. The exact purpose of Stonehenge is still debated, but the coincidence of Stonehenge's orientation on the summer solstice and sunrise makes it the world's most famous destination for celebrating the longest day of the year. The outer ring of sandstone arranged in an array is clearly a symbol of the four seasons, while the inner ring of blue-grey sandstone is believed to have magical curative properties. Stonehenge dates back to 3100 BC, and most archaeologists believe it was both an astronomical observatory and an ancient religious relic. 2. Angkor Wat, Cambodia Some scholars believe that Angkor Wat, a famous Hindu temple in Cambodia, has a mysterious connection with astronomy. Angkor Wat was built in the 12th century as the royal tomb of Suryavarman II. For example, on the vernal or autumnal equinox, an observer standing in front of the west gate will see the sun slowly rising directly above the central tower of Angkor Wat. On the summer solstice, those with a vantage point on the west side will see the sun rise over the mountains near Angkor Wat. "In the eyes of the ancient Khmers, astronomy was a sacred science," the researchers said in a 1976 study published in the journal Science. 3. The Mayan Pyramids The Mayan Pyramids At sunset on the vernal or autumnal equinox, giant snakes The shadow of the seat slides down to the west side of the stairs to the north of the Mayan Mayan Pyramid of Castillo in Chichen Itza, Yucatan, Mexico. The Pyramid of Castillo was built from 1000 to 1200 AD as the temple of Feathered Serpent. Its astronomical wonder is not only this, but the most amazing thing is that the ax-shaped hammer inside the pyramid will rise at the same time as the sun at the summer solstice. The direction is the same, and at the winter solstice it is the same as the sunset direction. The base of the pyramid is square, with 91 steps on each side leading to the top of the tower, plus the top platform, which is exactly 365 steps - exactly the number of days in a year. Related reports: NASA's Top 10 Space Photos in 50 Years