Osamu Dazai will be the 100th anniversary of the birth of the Japanese film industry, the wave of adaptations (picture) Sina entertainment news Planning and shooting. Moreover, the number of films adapted from literary masterpieces is increasing, which has greatly promoted the work of the Japanese film industry from entertainment to literature and art. The work of Osamu Dazai, which is currently being filmed, is "The Wife of Weiron: Cherry and Dandelion (Dingo)" produced by Fuji TV. ) with Tadanobu Asano starring. It is reported that this film was originally planned by director Ichikawa Jun, but unfortunately, director Ichikawa passed away suddenly in September this year and could not be completed. Therefore, "Villon's Wife" is now a lot of attention. In addition, movie versions of "Setting Sun" and "Pandora's Box" are also being planned. These are all representative works of Osamu Dazai. The Japanese film industry will welcome the unprecedented climax of Osamu Dazai's films. In addition to Dazai Osamu, the number of other writers' literary works adapted into movies is also increasing. The "Autumn Intensity", which is currently being shown, is based on the works of Oda Sakunosuke, and many other films such as "Kan Worker Ship" by Kobayashi Takiji have also entered the planning stage. At the same time, there are also many TV dramas that set their sights on the literary world, such as "Gate of the Body" based on Tamura Taijiro's original work, etc. The adaptation of literary works will enter a new realm. In the face of such a trend of popular cultural tastes, a film-related person said: "Recently, some publishers have put on new covers of literary and artistic works from previous years to re-sell a lot more. Although the content of the book has not changed, The reason for the new cover and packaging is to lure young people to buy and develop new readers. And putting literary works on the screen is the same as what publishers do. Taking those famous books out directly is a good idea. It's not attractive to today's young people. However, if you combine them with media such as film and TV, and add some modern flavor, the feeling becomes very subtle. The combination of the new and the old creates an unimaginable I think this is also a new path opened up for literary and artistic masterpieces.” Osamu Dazai's films and literary films will promote the emergence of new trends in today's entertainment-centric Japanese films, and will also attract more and more attention to local Japanese films. This is not just an artistic trend, it also carries a lot of realistic meaning. Imari / Wen statement: Sina.com exclusive manuscript, please indicate the source for reprinting.