WCG announced the 2009 finals group results and game rules World Cyber Games (WCG), the world's leading e-sports event, yesterday completed the group results of the WCG 2009 China Chengdu World E-sports Finals. The 600 top players who have won from 1.5 million players from 70 countries will represent their countries in a high-level duel on the stage of the 2009 Global Finals in Chengdu, China from November 11th to 15th, fighting for honor and dreams. war. In the past three days, WCG has live broadcasted the grouping situation through its official website (www.wcg.com). Through this new method, the fairness and justice of the game are guaranteed, and the top players are also created to enter the finals. opportunity. The most interesting groups in this group are CS's C group, SC's A group and War 3's C group. The Danish champion, the WCG 2008 champion mTw was placed in Group C of CS, and there were other strong teams in Group C, such as the Finnish champion PowerGaming, the Australian champion Sequential, and the Russian champion Virtus.Pro. In SC Group A is the interstellar death group. In Group A, there are n.die_Jaedong, the third place in Korea, Draco, the third place in Poland, Kollsen, the German champion, and Louder, the second place in the United States. The Chinese player Toodming is also divided here. A group. The groupings of the Chinese teams that have attracted much attention are as follows: Warcraft Project: Three Chinese players, Fly100%, Sky, and infi, are all seeded in Group A, Group E and Group D respectively. Other players in Group A include Danish champion Rene Krag, Swiss champion Dominic Hassler, Kazakhstan champion Alexandr Syomin and Ukraine runner-up Oleksandr Svysiuk. The other players in Group D are American champion Phil Crawford, Bulgarian champion, Kenyan champion and Russian runner-up Nikita Shatokhin. Other players in Group E include Italian champion Diego Echeagaray, German champion Marc Forster, Ukrainian champion Valentin, and third Malaysian Ong Hung Jen. Interstellar Project: CS Project: WCG CEO Kim Hyung-suk said: "There are still 20 days before the finals. We are now announcing the finals' grouping and competition rules, and the preparation of players has begun. We hope that all players can arrive in Chengdu smoothly. Compete for this year's WCG championship." The format of the WCG 2009 finals is to play group stage first, and then single-elimination until the champion is decided. Please visit www.wcg.com for more information on the format and various competitions. Official WCG 2009 competitions: [7 PC games] StarCraft : Brood War Warcraft III : The Frozen Throne Counter-Strike FIFA Soccer 09 Carom3D Red Stone TrackMania Nations Forever [ 2 Xbox 360 games] Guitar Hero: World Tour Virtua Fighter 5 Onlne [2 mobile games] Asphalt 4: Elite Racing WiseStar2 About WCG (World E-sports Championship) WCG (www.wcg.com) was born in 2000 and is a The world game culture celebration with the main purpose of promoting the harmony of all mankind. After the first session was successfully held in 2001, the 10th session will be held in 2010. As the world's largest game competition in the world, WCG takes 'Beyond the Game' as its slogan and has the concept of leading the digital entertainment industry. The WCG 2008 World Finals was held in Cologne, Germany, and achieved great success. This year's WCG 2009 World E-Sports Finals will be held in Chengdu, China from November 11th to 15th.