Wesbury: Paradoxical Conservatives Introducing: Forbes columnists Brian S. Wesbury and Robert Stein publish Dec. 1 op-ed calling the U.S. Some conservatives have mixed and contradictory views on the government's economic intervention. The following is an excerpt from the article: Are economic systems inherently unstable? Are people driven by some kind of "ghost" to become ignorant and greedy? Is government intervention necessary to stabilize market volatility? Or is the capitalist economy originally stable, and the root cause of all economic problems is the wrong government behavior? These are the most basic economic problems. There are only two answers, either, that government intervention is necessary to stabilize the economy, or the other way around. At the same time, all economic analysis and most political decisions on fiscal policy are no more than two positions, believing in either classical economic principles or Keynesianism. The Obama administration sees no competition among insurance companies, which is why we need an open health insurance option. I think there must be a lot of people who also want to argue that we need another government stimulus package to help create jobs, and there are people who believe that man-made global warming will sink Manhattan without government intervention. Usually, these are the views of liberals. Conservatives hold the opposite view. For example, they argue that insurance companies should be allowed to compete across state lines, arguing that the high costs of stimulating the economy are ineffective, and that even global warming is a widespread alarmist. The clear dividing line between liberals and conservatives is understood and accepted by most people. But recently the line between the two factions has changed, becoming less obvious and confusing. Last year, for example, the U.S. economy and the world financial system under the administration of U.S. Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson and Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke worried many conservatives so much that they strongly supported the government Respond to crises at the center. The government has expressed support for taking over financial institutions, intervening in executive income, slashing interest rates and pushing for the Troubled Asset Relief Program (TARP). There is a saying that "everyone is a general after a war", which means that it's just an afterthought to say that TARP was a wrong plan now. Last year, we argued strongly that, rather than bail out the banking system, mark-to-market accounting should be adjusted to minimize government intervention. But the Treasury Department, the Federal Reserve, many analysts and some influential experts all believe that the US economy is under a strong threat, and government emergency bailouts are the only solution. As we all know, the rhetoric won, while adjustments to mark-to-market accounting were put on hold. At the time, many key members of the Republican Party voted to pass TARP, many of which came from conservative politicians who had also expressed support for Bush's $150 billion stimulus bill in February 2008. Now that the U.S. unemployment rate is as high as 10.2%, those conservatives who once voted for it are looking for reasons to say that all this was caused by the decision-making mistakes of the Obama administration. Is this really confusing the American people? Why is it said that government bailout is correct and necessary for a while? Why is it wrong and political in another moment? Conservatives face another problem. The U.S. economy is currently recovering. The more conservatives argue that recovery is impossible due to economic instability due to bad government decisions, the more they leave room for authorities to prove that stimulus is working. Conservatives who voted for TARP are in an even more awkward position, either acknowledging that the stimulus worked or admitting they had made mistakes earlier. All this was not so difficult. Stimulus policies didn't work. From the Term Asset-Backed Securities Loan Facility (TALF), the Public-Private Investment Program (PPIP), TARP to two stimulus bills, huge spending by the new government, and interest rate cuts by the Federal Reserve despite a series of government actions until March or April 2009 Market foundations had not been established and bank capital accumulation had not improved prior to the month-to-month mark-to-market accounting adjustments. The above point is not to say that we do not support government intervention. We are classical economists and do not agree that Keynesianism is correct. We believe that the government created the bubble in the first place and then exacerbated it by overreacting to the panic. But we firmly do not support those conservatives who supported government bailouts last year and then blamed government actions this year. This is paradoxical and inexplicable. (Li Jing)