Record: "If You Are the One" premiere Feng Xiaogang Shu Qi wears a couple's costume "If You Are the One" and Feng Xiaogang excitedly sings Japanese songs (pictured) Sina Entertainment News Feng Xiaogang's New Year's comedy "If You Are the One" will be released nationwide on December 18. Following the world premiere celebration of the film on the 14th at the Hangzhou Grand Theater, on December 16th, Feng Xiaogang moved all the creators of "If You Are the One" to Beijing to launch a publicity campaign again. At 14:00, Feng Xiaogang and all the leading actors appeared in Beijing and held a premiere press conference, which was broadcast live by Sina Entertainment. The transcript of the press conference is as follows: Moderator: Welcome to the release site of "If You Are the One". It is a great honor to host today's press conference. Two more weeks will pass in 2008, and at this time called Lunar New Year, we have always had a habit of watching Feng Xiaogang's movies. In two days, the film will meet audiences across the country. Today, the six main creators were invited to the conference site to share their feelings with you. We applaud director Feng Xiaogang, starring Ge You, Shu Qi (), Xu Ruo? (Dingge blog), Che Xiao, Hu Ke (blog), please everyone. We first ask the main creators to say hello to our media friends, say hello, and ask the director first. Feng Xiaogang: We meet again once a year, thank you for coming, thank you. Ge You: I wish everyone a good day. Shu Qi: I wish everyone a happy day. Xu Ruo?: Hello, friends from Beijing. Ge You: I feel like I'm going to sing now. Che Xiao: Hello, friends from the media in Beijing, I am also from Beijing. I am very happy to participate in this program at my doorstep today. Hu Ke: Hello everyone. Feng Xiaogang filmed "If You Are the One" just for fun, not for "waves" Moderator: Thank you, all the creators please take a seat. 2008 has passed, but for our Chinese audience, everyone feels that there is one thing to do in this New Year stall, that is to watch your movies. It is said that at the premiere tonight, a group of viewers will see this movie for the first time. What is your mood at this moment? Feng Xiaogang: I'm very happy. After a long time of work, finally this movie is going to meet the audience. I believe the audience will feel very happy. After watching it tonight, they will feel very happy. I also hope that the first audience can fill their happy mood. Open, spread out. Host: Okay, this is a happy movie that makes everyone happy. Please use one sentence each to introduce the leading actors around you and their roles in the play. Feng Xiaogang: Ge You, the male lead in our play is a very naughty and out of character character, but also very sincere and kind. Shu Qi, this is Ge You's girlfriend in the play. After going through hardships, she finally made up with Ge You and fulfilled Ge You's dream. Xu Ruo?, Che Xiao, Hu Ke, they all came to seek marriage, met with Ge You, and the object of marriage, all of them have wonderful passages and performances. Moderator: OK, thank you. The reports of "If You Are the One" can be said to be pervasive in the major media. There is a saying that is being reprinted crazily by everyone. Director Feng Xiaogang himself said that he has always contained a very romantic feeling. That's too late. This sentence is so humorous that it became the headline on the front page. Does it also mean that a movie like this should actually be made by Feng Xiaogang at this time? Feng Xiaogang: I really didn’t think much about this. When I was making a movie, I thought about how to attract the audience, how to make the movie look good, so that the audience wouldn’t feel bored. . Judging from the current state of affairs, I think it's pretty good. Moderator: Very good, especially romantic, and there are romantic scenery, romantic beauties, and I heard that there are romantic wines. Which one do you think is the most romantic? Feng Xiaogang: I think it's all good. This movie is not to say that it is a result of the accumulation of many details. If you want me to talk about one paragraph, I really don't know. In any scene, I have to say that this scene is the key point. Maybe the audience has finished watching it and ask the audience what they think is the most interesting and interesting part. It's good to leave the right of this choice to the audience. Ge You laughed and said that all the beauties at the scene belonged to him and Shu Qi took the train to Beijing. Host: For the director, the palms of the hands and the backs of the hands are full of meat, and every scene is carefully designed. We will definitely ask the audience at the premiere tonight what do you think? Which bridge is the most romantic. Teacher Ge You, this movie took a long time to shoot, and now I am sitting with four beauties at the same time, how does it feel? Ge You: Today is my own. Host: Is it the first time you are with them after filming? Ge You: No. Moderator: The premiere has already been seen. I heard that you came here specially this morning. Ge You: I arrived at 8 o'clock. Moderator: Train, as always, I heard that Miss Shu Qi came by train with you. Ge You: We took the train together in Japan and once from Shanghai. This is the second time. Moderator: Does Shu Qi want to try a special train ride? Shu Qi: It feels good to take the train. Moderator: Shaking may be able to sleep better. Shu Qi: I slept well. Host: Where will you be filming in the future, and you and Mr. Ge will both take the train to film? Shu Qi: Teacher Ge didn't fall asleep on the train. Ge You: I didn't fall asleep, she could. Moderator: Why can't you sleep? You are used to taking the train. Ge You: Sometimes I can't sleep. Moderator: How to pass the time? Ge You: Do a lot of things. For example, you can take a shower in Japan by train. Later, it will be a few people, not just a few people. Just look out the window, read the newspaper, or something. Moderator: You have to take a high-end train. Ge You: Yes. Ge You introduced the hostess of the female stars at the scene: You have to keep fit. Today, I would like to ask you to introduce the four girlfriends around you who had a blind date with you in one sentence. Ge You: What do you say. Moderator: Come one by one. Ge You: Che Xiao may be more familiar. I worked with her mother. In "New Year", her mother played my daughter-in-law. It was a coincidence that she played that one and was not recruited. Che Xiao: It's Teacher Ge who didn't like me. Ge You: Xu Ruo sings and dances, I paid to watch one. Hu Ke is the same. I said just now that she is not only good at acting, she also hosts the show. She used to host the show. Moderator: There's one more place left, Shu Qi. Ge You: We are done. Moderator: Then we have to evaluate it even more. Ge You: Her life is a bit similar to her drama. Does she have any ideas? Sometimes she thinks about things, I think. Shu Qi was moved by Ge You's sincerity, and she wrote an article in her blog, Missing the host of the cast: trance, Shu Qi, answer Teacher Ge's question. Shu Qi: I don't know either. Moderator: You don't know either, so do you have any thoughts on Mr. Ge You in your life? Shu Qi: Yes. Moderator: Is a man like him the type that attracts you? Shu Qi: Actually, I was watching his every move and his attitude towards life. I think he is actually very good in private, his attentiveness and his sincerity. Host: You guys have developed a lot of tacit understanding this time around for filming. We know that Shu Qi is more casual. I heard that after filming this film, I got used to it when I went home, and I wrote a blog for the people in the crew, right? Shu Qi: Actually, I was afraid that the director would really think I was boring, so I deliberately wrote an article on my blog. Moderator: Can you share what you wrote? Shu Qi: Actually, I was not used to group life, at the beginning. Then when I opened the door, I suddenly felt that all I saw were people I knew, and I felt that I might not be ready to meet people. But slowly, with the director, I suddenly smelled the aroma of food, that is, the director knows how to cook, so he will follow that smell. So slowly it becomes like neighbors. Later, I felt very lonely, thinking about that meal. Moderator: Director Feng Xiaogang, did you feel moved after reading this blog? Feng Xiaogang: Yes, the assistant showed me her blog. Shu Qi wrote that she misses the life of the crew and felt a little uncomfortable going back. I felt very happy when I saw it. I thought she was, because at the beginning, I asked her do you like living a group life? She said she was not used to it. It seems that our filming is over, she is used to it, she is used to it, and the play is over, that's how things are in life. Moderator: Next time, I have waited four years for the filming this time. Do you have any plans to cooperate again next time?