Hong Kong's weekend box office review: Prince Caspian successfully ascended to the throne It also further heated up the North American summer box office battle - fortunately, the release time of "Kung Fu Panda" in Hong Kong was delayed until the end of June, otherwise this weekend's "The Chronicles of Narnia: Prince Caspian" (referred to as "Naruto") "The Legend of Nia 2") and "Sex and the City" are fighting for the box office together. I really don't know who will die, after all, they each have different target audience groups. June 9 is the Dragon Boat Festival public holiday, and box office statistics also end on the 9th. "The Chronicles of Narnia 2" took advantage of the first episode, sci-fi films and other advantages, and it was aggressive, with a cumulative box office of 11.27 million Hong Kong dollars in the first five days of its premiere - more than the cumulative box office of the recently released "Indiana Jones 4" in the first four days. It was about HK$1 million lower, while its first episode in Hong Kong earned HK$8.7 million (four days before). "The Chronicles of Narnia" was released during the Spring Festival, and the final box office exceeded 30 million Hong Kong dollars. There is almost no problem with the sequel's box office exceeding 20 million Hong Kong dollars, but whether it can exceed 25 million depends on the continued performance of the box office this week. The Hong Kong box office rankings (Monday, June 9 box office) was only lower than the urban emotional film "Sex and the City" of "The Chronicles of Narnia 2" by about HK$200,000 on its premiere day. The weekend box office was pulled apart, The single-day box office on Monday was only HK$1.38 million, less than half of the former. However, over 10 million Hong Kong dollars is no problem. In terms of old films, "Indiana Jones 4" has successfully passed HK$25 million, but in terms of single-day box office, it has dropped by about 65% from the previous Sunday's result (HK$1.93 million), compared to "Magic" released earlier this year. "Romantic Fate" earned HK$810,000 in a single day and accumulated HK$25.98 million in the third weekend of its release. "Raiders of the Lost Ark 4" was slightly inferior, while the final box office of "Magic Fate" was HK$27.99 million. Indiana Jones 4 is similar. As for the box office of other works, there is little change from last weekend. "The Chronicles of Narnia 2": The Prince is based on the film "The Chronicles of Narnia 2" based on the best-selling science fiction novel of the same name. In general, although there are several large-scale scenes, war scenes, etc., the overall is obviously inferior to the "Lord of the Rings" series. Compared with the first episode, "The Chronicles of Narnia 2" is only a few years later in the real life background of the four kings in the story background, but more than 1300 years have passed in the era of Narnia (in the first episode of the film) There have been several detailed descriptions of the "asynchronous" time between the two, such as when the little sister entered the magic cabinet for the first time and came out, the eldest brother was still counting the numbers), the kingdom of Narnia was not white-clothed. The witch was ruled, but was slaughtered by people of another race and retreated into the forest, and the four kings were also brought into the Narnian century by magical powers, fighting alongside the people of Narnia, Prince Caspian, etc. , face up to the difficulties, but also face up to their own growth, responsibility and so on. Among them, the story of Prince Caspian is like the Narnia version of "Hamlet", and the focus of the story has also grown from how the four kings overcome their inner difficulties in the face of various problems to Prince Caspian. , and even interspersed with the hazy love between the prince and the second sister. The film's producer Mark Johnson is full of confidence in the series, especially in many ways better than the first episode, "'Prince Caspian' is much bigger than 'The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe', Even the behind-the-scenes staff are several times as many as in the previous episode. As for the number of actors in front of the camera, it's even more difficult to imagine before... But the most important thing is the sublimation of the theme of the film. We need to go here. The topics explored and the connections and emotional building between characters are much broader and darker than the original," "Prince Caspian reminds me of many adventures, flashy stories, and bravery. The film work of the characters, we even built castles and moats... Plus, since the whole story takes place in the kingdom of Narnia, we also needed to combine the boundless wit and imagination of CS Lewis”, while director Andrew Adam Sen said that because of the magnificent scene in the first episode, the second episode tried to use a more majestic scene than the first episode, and set the Telma people, which is a different race from the white witch, so that the second episode is both the first episode. The continuation of the story is also developed. However, the scenes are more magnificent, and even the character stories are darker (the "Spider-Man" series and "Harry Potter" series also have a trend of darker and darker plots, but in the end it is still the protagonist's victory over evil ), it does not necessarily mean that the quality of the film can be better than the previous work, just like a huge herd of running cows appeared from the beginning of a blockbuster, but it does not mean that the film is a "cow film", " There are many examples of "golden and jade, but nothing in it" style works, whether in the Mainland or Hollywood, such as "Speed Racer" which was released not long ago. From the perspective of film marketing, the growth of the four teenagers in the first episode, especially the wandering of the third brother and the childlike innocence of the younger sister, together with the elder brother and the second sister, represent a lot of young people's images, or their previous growth. , and the film did not make a mystery because of this, and it is easy for more audiences to recollect and think; but the ambition of the second episode is obviously far greater than that of the first episode. It not only wants to express youth and growth, but also wants to add more and more esoteric philosophy (As the lion Aslan said, "Things will never happen the same time a second time", "What happened in the past is not important, the most important thing is the future", etc.), which makes the film seem a bit "two ends do not come to the shore" ——It is difficult to match the first episode in terms of box office and word of mouth. In a sense, this is a failure. The film's reputation among the mainstream media in North America tends to be polarized, but in the eyes of ordinary Hong Kong audiences, it is obviously inferior to the previously released "Indiana Jones 4", but it has also been generally praised. As harsh as the mainstream media, they focus more on the entertainment and entertainment of the film. For example, one viewer gave a five-star rating, "A typical story of regaining the throne, but the story takes place in Narnia is completely different. The prince is distrusted by people for his own ideals, despite being blamed, He was reluctant to give up, and finally his persistence finally brought him success. In addition, this is not too related to the previous work, even if you haven't watched the first episode, it will not be difficult to substitute... Computer stunts are by no means better than similar movies The Lord of the Rings is inferior, the epic human-beast battle is presented with excellent stunts, the grand scene shocked the audience, and the pressure of the water god is especially powerful." Another audience member said, "The movie uses fairy tales to express the human nature. Ignorance and contradiction. In this episode, everyone also shows their own weaknesses and good sides, which can be used to reflect on many things in life. I think the scene of Aslan and Lucy standing on the bridge expresses the essence of the original author Lewis' thoughts", An audience member also noticed the inner message of the film, "Although the whole episode is not as nervous as the first episode, with many laughs, this episode brings out more Christian messages. Everyone knows that the lion represents Jesus, and King Peter has a high self-esteem and Pride, not relying on God, doing one's own things, leading to disastrous defeat; on the contrary, because Lucy knows that only a lion can conquer, so only she can see it when she is in the valley, which means that only those who thirst for God are blessed to meet it." The main criticism of the film by Hong Kong audiences is that the length of the film is a bit too long (about 140 minutes), the plot is procrastinated from the opening half an hour to the final battle, and the rhythm is relatively slow (I have watched this film twice, and the rhythm is indeed true. slower, in the middle). At the end of the film, there is a foreshadowing that the third episode will appear, but it also said that because the eldest brother and the second sister have grown up in the process of returning to Narnia twice, they do not need to return again. Yan once again emphasized the Jesus-like metaphor of the lion Aslan) - this is a pity for many fans, after all, many of them like the handsomeness and confidence of the eldest brother, and prefer the beauty of the second sister, especially when shooting arrows The heroic spirit. The third episode is expected to be released in 2010. "Sex and the City": The Troubled Life of a Fashionable Woman Another new film "Sex and the City" is adapted from the popular American TV series, its first season since 1998 (in the United States, TV series are based on "seasons", which are roughly equivalent to After the "Department" often said in Chinese), it attracted a lot of audiences because of the four fashionable women described in the series and the related modern fashion life, and even became a shoe brand, which has won more than 50 Emmy Award nominations... The original series was released in the finale in 2004, and now it appears in the form of a movie, so that the four beautiful contemporary women full of personality and intelligence reappear in front of the public, and It was launched by the original cast of the TV version. The story is also like a "sequel" to the TV version: with the growth of age, the careers, needs, pursuits, freedoms, etc. of the four fashionable women that once swept the audience have become the troubles of being a mother, wife or girlfriend. The dashing and free will also be replaced by "lack of love, lack of sex, lack of sense of security", such as the heroine Carrie, who runs through the film, is a columnist in the TV series, and has specialized in writing books in the film (more than ten years). Writing a fashion column used to be a very fashionable job, but with the popularity of J. Rowling's "Harry Potter" series, writing a book has gradually become an opportunity to make money - people reach middle age, The romantic enjoyment of the year gradually gave way to making money from reality, which has a lot of performance in Hollywood or Hong Kong movies), but in fact, in the movie, she has been busy around the "wedding", or It comes from the helplessness and struggle in the middle-aged woman's heart... Her other three close friends are also entangled in issues such as work, friendship, and love, and the problems are repeated. Such a movie based on a popular series naturally won the favor of many TV fans at its premiere. The North American opening weekend box office was about 55 million US dollars, but the box office of the second weekend was higher than that of the premiere. The decline rate of more than 60% is related to the female perspective of the film itself, mid-life crisis and other issues. After all, TV fans tend to watch works on the opening weekend, and today’s audiences prefer more romantic works (this is also the TV series back then. It is one of the main reasons for the popularity of the collection), rather than reading heavier works such as the description of the mid-life crisis. The evaluation of the film in Hong Kong is considered to be above average. For example, Shi Qi believes that "in fact, the heroine's wedding suddenly had an accident, as well as the marriage and love changes of her three best-friend girlfriends. They were all looking for a scene to do, which is very far-fetched. But the director Michael Patrick King Smart and flexible, capturing the hearts of women who are fascinated, gossip, and fashion-loving, with rich details, big shots of golden houses, beautiful shirts and famous brands, it is both funny and emotional and tear-jerking, and the whole is popular and interesting." SATC supporters don't have to worry, please feel free to enter the venue, even female viewers who have not seen the TV version will be deeply attracted by their clothing and accessories, and there are countless fashion brands (like advertising magazines). The film details the feelings of men and women. , female friendship, the loneliness of urban women, betrayal by lovers and other themes will resonate with many female audiences. It is reasonable to be rated at three levels (only one of the four protagonists has a breakthrough performance), but in terms of overall quality It can’t be compared to PRADA, the middle part is particularly long”, “After watching this film, I feel that there is a soulmate in life and no regrets, not to mention that there are four protagonists! Especially women, no matter what environment we are in, we can be in any situation. Identity also requires the company of a confidant and a close friend! I envy the friendship of a lustful girl, so sincere and frank without reservation! The most touching thing is that the protagonist was abandoned, and the other sisters will accompany her to the scheduled honeymoon to relax, We will spend the festive season without a partner together and comfort each other." However, whether it is "The Chronicles of Narnia 2" or "Sex and the City", its follow-up box office in the Hong Kong market is worrying, worrying that it will decline sharply in the second week like the North American market. What's more, Hong Kong audiences do not have as many "Sex and the City" fans as American audiences, and many Hollywood movies based on popular TV series may not be able to achieve good box office in the Hong Kong market, such as last year's "The Simpsons". Wait, the Hong Kong box office is only 10.28 million Hong Kong dollars. This week's new film: Three new films will compete for the box office this Thursday (June 12). Tsui Hark's new film "Deep Sea Searching" has been drawn in the wind and rain, but the box office prospects are not very good. The Incredible Hulk is more likely to climb to the top of the weekend box-office chart, not to mention the M. Knight Shyamalan-directed suspense thriller, which is similar to "Man in the Deep," released on the same day. What about The Happening? Amu/Wen statement: Sina.com exclusive manuscript, please indicate the source for reprinting.