Rockets Spurs Crazy War Hiding Warm Moment Commentary: Hugh City is dead and alive Sina Sports News Houston local time at 7:30 on Saturday evening, the Rockets played away to the San Antonio Spurs. Results After overtime, the Spurs won 124-121, and the Rockets suffered a 5-game losing streak. Yao Ming truce did not play today, Scola scored 20 points and grabbed 8 rebounds, Ginobili scored 28 points. The game was broadcast live on Houston's local My20 TV station, with live commentary by Bill Warrell and Matt Bullard. In the first quarter, Shane attacked Duncan as soon as he came up, Jefferson made a three-pointer, and Jordan Hill took the lead in scoring for the Rockets. The Spurs made the first move. After Parker broke through and scored, Ginobili released the killer to hit two three-pointers in a row. The trend of the game seemed to have been determined in less than two minutes. The Rockets hurriedly called a timeout. Brooks' roar seemed to have been unbearable. Warrell said, "The Rockets' defense against 3-pointers has been very poor this season." After the timeout, the Rockets scored 9 points in a row and quickly tied the score. Brad said, "There were no substitutions after the timeout. It was just that the Rockets made clear the responsibility of defense." Hill interfered with Duncan and Parker's offense continuously. Brad said, "Hilton's defense at the basket is very good, you know. He's facing Duncan, one of the most courageous power forwards in history." Martin broke through and scored a jumper to take the lead for the first time in the game. Brooks and Martin scored 5 points in a row. The Rockets made consecutive low-level mistakes and were easily overtaken by the Spurs. "The Rockets have made too many turnovers and bad passes this season, and it's suicidal against a strong team like the Spurs," Varrell said. During the timeout, the camera turned to the former Spurs' Argentine on the sidelines. The national player Fabrio Oberto also came to the scene to watch the game. Brad said, "The 35-year-old Oberto just announced his retirement a few days ago due to heart reasons. He is Scola's best friend. Look. Come to Scola to fight for my friends." The two sides fought madly and the battle was tied at 34. In the second quarter, Brooks made a three-pointer, Miller scored a jumper, and Varrell said, "The Rockets shot 71 percent from the field." Brad said, "Martin scored 15 points, Brooks scored 14 points, and the Rockets scored 14 points. The pass transfer is very effective." Blair scored a strong dunk with both hands in a quick counterattack, Duncan scored against Hayes' defense, and Varrell said, "He is a veritable board expert." The Rockets continued to rotate their lineups. But he couldn't score in 3 minutes. Scola grabbed a defensive rebound. Varel said, "Scola averaged 14.5 rebounds per game and now ranks first in the league. The Rockets have the Rockets again since Olajuwon. Players occupy the position of rebounding champion." Martin quickly broke through the basket and scored a difficult layup with a backhand. Brooks broke through Parker's defense and was fouled by the opponent. Brad said, "Brooks' speed can break through any opponent's defense in the NBA. It needs to cooperate with the pair." Brooks stepped on Manu's feet and fell to the ground when he landed after throwing the buzzer. He looked seriously sprained and was carried off the court by the team doctor. The situation was very bad. In the third quarter, Varel said that Brooks could not play in the second half, and the specific return time was not clear. Hill scored a dunk, Duncan also made a hook, Brad said, "Lowry has taken a break, and Bob is not too. Today, Courtney Lee can replace the role of point guard." Scola broke into the inside and Manu Ginobili collided with Argentina and Luis was awarded an offensive foul. The Rockets' offense was weak, and even defensive expert Shane Battier had to put in effort to score an offensive layup, Jefferson scored an alley-oop dunk, and the Rockets' defense set off a scoring frenzy against the Spurs. 's trick. Hill received a pass from Miller and made a three-pointer. Smith also made a high throw and scored. Martin stepped on Jefferson's foot when he landed, causing a sprain. He also returned to the locker room to join Brooks. The Rockets basically had nothing to do. People are available, and a team that has been placed on infinite expectations for many years does not know why it has come to the point where it is today, whose fault is it? The players of the Rockets still did not give up the fight. Battier, Miller, Hayes and Smith suddenly stepped out of the shadows and became the mainstays. Instead, they let go of their hands and feet and fought their opponents to defend 8-2. Get the score close. In the fourth quarter, Smith made a three-pointer, which was also the first three-pointer in his career. Xiao Li Feidao also made a three-pointer from the baseline. The Rockets were only 1 point behind. Brad said, "The Rockets actually It's alive again." Ginobili and Parker attacked continuously, Scola scored a tip-up on the counterattack, Xiao Li also bypassed Manu's stance defense and scored a layup, and the Rockets played a wave of 18-2 to overtake the score. . Duncan hit the board and scored, Ginobili hit a three-pointer, and the two sides were tied again. After the timeout, the Rockets made another low-level error and were sent to the opponent for 2 points. Budinger made 0 of 5 shots and was replaced by Smith. Shane Battier broke through the baseline and dunked and was fouled by his opponent. Varrell said, "Battier is starting to show his personality." Brad also attacked the No. 31 player. He applauded, "Batier finally played a strong offense." Hayes miraculously hit two free throws at the free throw line. Li fell from the sky and scored a tip-up from behind Parker. Li scored a jumper and the Rockets led by 1 point again. Popovich requested a timeout. Without Yao Ming, Brooks and Martin, the Rockets have hope of winning, Varrell shouted, "Rockets fans finally have something to brag about." Manu missed a three-pointer, Scoo Pulling a jumper and scoring 4 points in a row, Shane Battier forced a jumper to hit a three-pointer from the bottom line. Batman did not need to play the role of Robin, and finally stood up and began to solve the problem by himself. The Rockets lead by 4 points. Are the Rockets really going to win? Jefferson scored a breakthrough, Hayes grabbed an offensive rebound, and Lee missed both free throws at a critical moment. Varel shouted, "No way! Lee's free throws have always been perfect, but he missed two free throws at such a critical moment. Brad said, "It's too nervous." Manu showed his killer qualities and hit a jumper. Brad said, "This guy is too ruthless." The two sides missed each other's lore and the game went into overtime. In overtime, Lee scored a layup. Lee successfully defended Manu twice in a row. Brad said, "Now I can see Lee's defensive ability." Smith made a layup and Brad shouted, "This rookie The performance is too eye-catching." Parker scored 3 points in a row, Scola scored a jumper, Parker successfully stole the ball and scored easily, and the two sides changed the lead in an instant. Scola made a tipping point in the triangle of three defenders, and the rebounding monster was revealed. Duncan made the ultimate shot to score, Manu made a bold steal and made two free throws. In the last 14 seconds, the Rockets grabbed two offensive rebounds and made three three-pointers in a row but could not score and suffered a 5-game losing streak. The only complaint about this game may be that Brooks and Martin got off the court a little later. (Qiang flute)