Yi Jianlian made the New York villains eat technical fouls. The preseason enemies will be punished impulsively. Yi Jianlian scored 8 points on 2 of 5 shots, 4 of 4 free throws, and his performance was average, but when he encountered the "enemy" Ronnie Turiaf, he played very actively, which was regarded as revenge in the preseason. . Despite this, Yi Jianlian still has to learn from Turiaf in terms of confrontation and basketball defense. In the first quarter, Andre Bleiqie, who made 7 of 8 shots and scored 16 points, didn't play very smoothly in the second quarter. 2 minutes and 51 seconds before halftime, Bu Laiqie got another chance to make a shot, but the shot was directly blocked by Amar Stoudemire. The basket was twisted in an instant, and the four big men on both sides fought hard to grab the rebound. In the end, JaVale McGee relied on the advantage of arm length and bounce to pick up the offensive rebound and scored a second attack. In this rebounding battle, Bleiqie, who was blocked, was eager to save some face, and Ronnie Turiaf was also ready to help Stoudemire. As a result, after the physical contact between the two, an unexpected drama occurred. It played out: Turiaf showed his "butcher" qualities, playing tricks behind Bleche's back. Bu Laiqie was already full of anger, how could he be willing to suffer such a secret loss, so he decided to retaliate and teach the arrogant Frenchman - the Knicks have launched an attack, and the two are still fighting in the backcourt, burning with anger Bleiqie finally couldn't bear it anymore, and pushed Turiaf's head. Fortunately, the conflict did not escalate further. Turiaf quickly spread his hands and looked innocently at the referee, expecting him to call the shots. Obviously, Turiaf succeeded. He has already committed a technical foul, and he will be ejected if he dares to make another. From this point of view, it is obvious that angering Bu Laiqie is a conspiracy that Turiaf has already designed. Bu Laiqie really hit the stroke, got a technical foul for his irrationality, and gave the Knicks a free throw. The technical foul that Turiaf took was related to Yi Jianlian-with 7 minutes and 17 seconds left in the second quarter, Yi Jianlian was in the bottom line on the right, and Gilbert Arenas gave the ball at the right time. Yi Jianlian withstood the defender, arched inward a few times, turned around suddenly, and made a small hook. After Yi Jianlian debuted in the second quarter, he did not perform much on the offensive end. A follow-up fast break was directly blocked by Wilson Chandler, and a mid-range shot also popped out with an outrageous strike. This time, Yi Jianlian was very important, and he also changed his attack method, and his actions were done in one go. However, when Yi Jianlian threw the ball out, a black shadow suddenly stabbed out of the corner, jumped high and pressed the ball directly on the backboard. Fortunately, this was not a clean block, the ball had already fallen, and the referee decisively blew the interference ball. Yi Jianlian scored for the first time, but Turiaf was very unhappy. He challenged the referee's authority endlessly. Judging from this ball, Turiaf seemed a little overexcited. If he didn't show his bounce, Yi Jianlian's shot might not necessarily be in. Of course, Turiaf is so impulsive, but also has an inner reason-in the preseason, he once linked up with Yi Jian. On October 18th, the Knicks played the Wizards in the preseason. At the last moment of the game, Hudson scored a three-pointer to help the Wizards overtake the Knicks by two points. At this time, there was a discordant scene on the field: Turiaf was in the arm and the United Arab Emirates. In the case of entanglement, they first waved their arms vigorously, and then pushed Alian away, which almost caused a conflict. Turiaf has always been known for his fiery temper and likes to find fault, while Yi Jianlian is reserved and restrained like a good tiger. But on the basketball court, being as difficult as Bleiqie often suffers a lot, but he is so angry that he also loses a technical foul, which also affects the mentality of playing. Yi Jianlian is very professional and encounters "enemies". Turiaf, he did not lose control of his emotions, but used the court performance to "revenge success", scored the first two points of the game, and let the opponent take a technical foul. With 2 minutes and 17 seconds remaining for the third time, Yi Jianlian once again humiliated Turiaf. Yi Jianlian got the ball from the bottom line on the left. At this time, Turiaf had stood firm and had a good defensive position. Yi Jianlian made a shot fake. After shaking Turiaf up, he seized the fleeting opportunity to try to break through. In desperation, Turiaf could only reach out and foul. Yi Jianlian laughed at two free throws. With 20 seconds left in the third quarter, Yi Jianlian got another chance to single out Turiaf, but unfortunately, he was blown away by the referee when he dribbled and turned around. Objectively speaking, from a partial point of view, Yi Jianlian has the upper hand in the matchup with Turiaf, but he still has room for improvement. With 2 minutes and 50 seconds before the end, Yi Jianlian received a pass from Arenas under the basket. , Turiaf ate a big hat when he shot. Obviously, in terms of physical strength and basketball defense, Yi Jianlian is not as good as Turiaf. (Stray dogs)