The GIGABYTE StarsWar conference was grandly held. According to the reporter's information, it was named by "GIGABYTE Gold Mainboard", sponsored by Kappa, a well-known Italian fashion sports brand, hosted by the Information Center of the State General Administration of Sports and Shanghai Sports Federation, and undertaken by Cima (Shanghai) Culture Communication Co., Ltd. The press conference of the GIGABYTE Stars War International E-Sports Invitational Tournament and the "GIGABYTE Gold Motherboard" titled Stars War International E-Sports Invitational Tournament Press Conference was held today at the Jincang Wenhua Hotel in Shanghai. The GIGABYTE Stars War International E-Sports Star Invitational Tournament, which is deeply loved by competitive gamers all over the world, will be held on April 16, 17 and 18, 2010 at the Luwan Gymnasium in Luwan District, Shanghai. The world's top players in the "Warcraft 3" project from three countries in Europe, America and South Korea will participate. This year's most anticipated "StarCraft II" will also be unveiled in a stunning form. The game will be broadcast live online simultaneously, and the whole world can be synchronized watch. At the press conference, two world star players WE.Sky and WE.suhO from Pepsi WE E-Sports Club had a StarCraft 2 exhibition match, which attracted the attention of all the audience present. This competition will focus on the concept of Chinese style and happy competition. In addition to a large number of Chinese style designs, more performance and entertainment elements will be integrated into the e-sports competition, so that the audience will have more perspectives to understand the e-sports players. Getting more joy from economic competitions and bringing esports back to entertainment is the purpose of this competition. It was also learned from the press conference that this Stars War Reborn was strongly supported by the State Sports Bureau and the Shanghai Sports Federation. Ms. Yang Ying, deputy director of the Information Sports Center of the State Sports Bureau, came to the scene. The sponsors of this StarsWar are also the strongest in history. In addition to the world-renowned IT manufacturer Gigabyte Technology and the famous Italian sports brand Kappa, which have cooperated with StarsWar for many years, there are also South Korea's Samsung Electronics and Rantopad, a professional mouse pad manufacturer. And professional game seat manufacturer DXRACER joined strongly. About Stars War The StarsWar International E-Sports Star Invitational Tournament started in 2005 and has been held for 4 times so far. StarsWar has always been unique in the field of e-sports events with its innovative spirit, constantly introducing elements from other fields into e-sports, making various bold attempts, and is committed to giving all e-sports fans a completely different happy experience. After the baptism of the global financial turmoil in 2008-09, the Stars War Reborn held this year will strive to bring a completely different experience to the vast number of e-sports fans, to regain the passion for e-sports events in the past and the most basic joy of e-sports. . The title sponsor introduces GIGABYTE as an internationally renowned hardware manufacturer. Since its establishment in 1986, GIGABYTE has successfully built GIGABYTE into a leading brand in the global IT industry with the solid foundation accumulated by its excellent performance. As a computer hardware manufacturer, GIGABYTE has always been very concerned about the development of e-sports. In order to meet the needs of players to play well, all GIGABYTE Stars War game machines use the latest H55 P55 motherboard provided by "Gigabyte Gold Motherboard" with Intel's new Core family processor In addition, the "Gigabyte Gold Motherboard" indicates that it will create a better professional gaming motherboard for e-sports through continuous efforts and innovation, and at the same time pay attention to the development of e-sports for a long time! The main sponsor introduces Kappa, a well-known Italian sports fashion brand. Founded in 1916 in Turin, northwestern Italy, an Italian sports and casual clothing company. In 2002, the Kappa brand entered the Chinese market, and its brand positioning of "sports, fashion, sexy, and tasteful" and complementary market activities also made the Kappa brand more and more favored by fashionable people. Meanwhile Kappa launched its latest brand slogan "WE ARE ONE" in 2009