The originator of the US space shuttle reveals the secret: no wings are like a bathtub The end of the era. Sina Technology News Beijing time on August 22, according to the NASA website, the M2-F1 is the world's first manned aerospace vehicle developed by the United States. It is made of wood and has an internal structure using steel pipes. , with no wings, looks a lot like a bathtub on a bike. But you may not know that this "flying bathtub" is the ancestor of the space shuttle, which opened the space shuttle era with a history of nearly half a century. According to engineers at NASA's Ames Research Center, the M2-F1 is a replacement for a spacecraft that can rock back to Earth with the help of a parachute. In the traditional sense, aerospace vehicles are not winged aircraft, but use the air flow above the fuselage to generate lift. This design allows it to re-enter the atmosphere and land on the runway like a regular plane. Many engineers questioned the idea of developing a wingless vehicle, but R. Dale Reed of NASA's Flight Research Center (now Dryden Flight Research Center) was an exception. Excited by the wingless design, Reed began testing a series of aerospace vehicles made of lightweight wood and tissue paper—using the hallway of the center’s main office building as a runway and taking off from the building’s roof. Reed's actions heightened interest in wingless designs, and center director Paul Bikle finally approved a discretionary grant to develop a "home-made" aerospace vehicle, the one mentioned above. to the M2-F1 (English abbreviation for Manned 2 Flight 1). Glider maker Gus Briegleb -- who builds high-performance wooden gliders at his studio at Al Mirag Airport, about 40 miles from the center -- was involved in the creation of the M2- The body of the F1. The interior was fabricated in Bilgrad's hangar (where the sign reads "White's Bike Shop"). With the help of volunteers at the center, Reed was able to keep the cost of manufacturing the M2-F1 at about $30,000. Since the M2-F1 has no power unit, it needs to resort to a trailer. Walter Whiteside, a center employee obsessed with tuning cars, was tasked with purchasing a new 1963 Pontiac convertible. After modifications at two race shops, the Pontiac towed the M2-F1 to 110 mph. The first car towing attempts were made on March 1, 1963, when NASA research pilot Milton Thompson was ordered into the cockpit. During the test, the M2-F1 bounced and landed repeatedly on the main landing gear, and could not take off from the lake bed at all. After several failed attempts, the M2-F1 was shipped to the Ames Research Center outside San Francisco for wind tunnel testing, which continued until March 15. Based on the data obtained from the tests, engineers made improvements to the M2-F1 control system. The second test flight attempt took place on April 5, 1963. Thompson took off without a hitch and stayed in the air longer, the trailer still roaring on the lake bed. After several test flights, he remained in the air for extended periods of time, and the trailer on the lake bed traveled the full 4 miles (6 kilometers) as he flew. During the spring and summer of the year, Thompson made several more test flights and reached higher speeds and altitudes. The maiden free flight of the M2-F1 took place on August 16, 1963. On the same day, a C-47 transport aircraft lifted the M2-F1 to an altitude of about 5,200 feet (about 1,585 meters) above the lake bed. Thompson let go of the tow rope and fell quickly. The flight lasted less than two minutes and averaged 4,000 feet per minute (1,219 meters per minute). Although the flight time was relatively short, the M2-F1 control system performed well. During the summer and fall of the year, Thompson flew more. By the time of retirement on August 18, 1966, the M2-F1 had completed 77 aircraft tow flights and approximately 400 car tow flights. It was at this time that the first heavyweight aerospace vehicle M2-F2 began its maiden voyage with the help of the "mother ship" NB-52. The M2-F2 is similar in design to the M2-F1 and has similar flight characteristics during unpowered flight. The M2-F2 and later manned aerospace vehicles - the HL-10, X-24A, M2-F3 and X-24B - laid a solid foundation for the creation of the space shuttle. While the Space Shuttle did not end up adopting the designs of its predecessors, aerospace vehicles such as the M2-F1 provided a wealth of valuable data on the aerodynamics and controllability of unpowered vehicles that took off by drag, which were directly applied to the design of the space shuttle. The M2-F1 was restored in the mid-1990s and returned to NASA's Dryden Flight Research Center in August 1997, where it is still on display. (Xiao Wen) A new generation of US spacecraft can send four astronauts to the moon at the same time (Photo)