Interview with Chen Chong: I am a one-liner , Chen Chong (blog) suddenly became "fire" on the screen again. In an exclusive interview with this newspaper, Chen Chong lamented that he wasted too much time in love when he was young, and only after becoming a mother did he regain the feeling of acting. She joked to reporters that their generation of actors is not like the current stars at all, "I have never liked the male protagonist in the movie, nor have I encountered 'unspoken rules'." Text / Li Jun Photography / Zhang Hongbing and Chen Chong are also brokenhearted. pass. Chen Chong smiled and told reporters a joke. In the few years she first arrived in the United States, she was the most frustrated in love and career. She felt that she was a complete failure, and she often looked down. At that time, Wu Junmei was in a similar situation to her, and they both sympathized with each other. When a female friend saw the two of them, she couldn't help but sigh: "Look at what you two have become. As long as I look half as good as you, I will be invincible." Chen Chong said, and simulated a heroic stretch action. Chen Chong was deeply moved by these remarks. "If a girl fails in love, she will lose confidence in herself and waste a lot of life. I have wasted so much myself. Now that I think about it, it is a pity and unnecessary," Chen Chong said. Sitting in the chief mansion in Shanghai, Chen Chong, who was interviewed by reporters, is 47 years old. He is a mother of two children and is still beautiful. This woman, who was over the age of confusion, is open-minded and straightforward, and has been able to face the darkest days in her past life calmly. The decade from 1981 to 1991 was called the darkest stage in her life by Chen Chong. When the Chinese were still immersed in the good memories of "Little Flower", Chen Chong left Shanghai to study in the United States. At that time, her English was not good, she was under tremendous pressure to survive every day, and she had a "scared feeling" about money. Chen Chong worked as a restaurant host, brought children to others, and worked as a librarian. At that time, the restaurant manager where she was working, always liked to show off to the guests: "This is the most popular actor from the mainland." Chen Chong recalled: "I was a little embarrassed and felt that I lost the national style. But everyone else thought it was a joke, and the Chinese had never seen this movie." It was during that period that Chen Chong met Liu Qing, who later became his first husband, and soon got married. Liu Qing is a martial artist who works hard in Hollywood and serves as Chen Chong's agent, introducing her to star in "The Last Emperor". But the marriage only lasted 4 years. "These 10 years are indeed a waste. If there are some regrets in life, I think it would be nice if someone would give me some advice at that time, so that I don't waste so many good times," Chen Chong said. In those few years, all her thoughts on the set were love and divorce, and she was not as diligent and diligent as she is now in acting. In 1991, Chen Chong met a Chinese doctor in the United States and started a new marriage with him. After having a child, she often told herself not to go to filming, everything was family-oriented. But every time I can't help but break my promise, "I don't have any other talents besides making movies as an actor and director. I'm a single-minded person, and I can't handle complicated things." After becoming a mother, Chen Chong lived a half-housewife life for five or six years. She even let go of her directorial dream for a time. She didn't want her children to know that she was an actress and a star. After serving as a judge at this year's Shanghai International Film Festival, Chen Chong told reporters, "It's time for my child to let go. I started writing scripts and I can be a director again." International movie stars have no stars. Chen Chong had no assistants or makeup artists by his side. The glass of water on the table was poured for her by the reporter halfway through. When a photojournalist needed to take a photo of Chen Chong, she immediately took out the makeup tool from her bag, and skillfully applied powder and lip gloss in the small mirror. Chen Chong, who loves beauty, also served as the spokesperson of the only designated skin care brand Clitina at the Shanghai International Film Festival. Chen Chong believes that he doesn't need an assistant at all, "I don't have an assistant when I'm filming, I can do everything by myself, I'm used to it for so many years." Many years ago, Chen Chong once had an assistant, but she found out, "It's not she who takes care of me, it's me who takes care of her all the time. I'm a person who worries about my life. It's better to take care of myself."