The World Expo National Olympic Village Case Exhibition Area practises low-carbon use of more than 30 high-tech technologies. As an important part of Beijing's participation in the Shanghai World Expo, the National Olympic Village Case Exhibition Area has been completed simultaneously with the Beijing Pavilion on April 1. Different from the national pavilion and the theme pavilion, the National Olympic Village exhibition area is presented in the form of "home". The audience enters the vermilion gate with rich ancient Chinese architectural characteristics, and can appreciate and experience a green and beautiful future life. Yesterday (20th), the Beijing Expo operation team released to the media the progress of preparations for the National Olympic Village Demonstration Zone and the Capital Economic Promotion Conference. According to Wang Hongzhuan, deputy director of the Beijing Investment Promotion Bureau, so far, 114 world-renowned companies have been identified to participate in the "Charming Capital Economic Promotion Conference" held during the Shanghai World Expo on May 5. Low-carbon Olympic Village: All construction waste , as far as possible to reduce and avoid the construction waste generated by the demolition of the exhibition area after the Expo. The National Olympic Village is the athletes' village for the 29th Beijing Olympic Games. The entire exhibition area is presented in the form of "home". It is located in the city's best practice area. With the theme of "One World, One Home", the theme is "Beautiful Picture Scroll, Showing Future Life" for design concept. The building materials used in the exhibition area are all from the construction waste generated by the post-Olympic stadium renovation, such as the Olympic Village. Even the ground that looks like a water-milled blue brick is made of limestone powder and construction waste. This has the potential to be the only exhibition area at the Expo built out of construction waste. The National Olympic Village follows the shape of the Olympic auspicious cloud picture scroll, and at the same time integrates the architectural features of Beijing shares and the unique cultural elements of traditional Chinese dwellings in the National Olympic Village. Walking into the development area, the first thing you see is the vermilion gate with rich ancient Chinese architectural features. During the World Expo, this gate will be open frequently, and people from all walks of life are welcome to visit "One World, One Home". During the World Expo, the activities of the Olympic Village case exhibition area will also focus on this theme, inviting different guests to experience and discuss a green and livable way of life. The audience can experience the low-carbon home lifestyle in the Olympic Village. The National Olympic Village, representing Beijing, was selected for the Shanghai World Expo, and will showcase the achievements made in the implementation of the three Olympic concepts of "green, technology and humanities". The reporter learned that Guoao Village has integrated and applied more than 30 green building projects including renewable energy, reclaimed water reuse, rainwater utilization, green building materials, building energy saving, indoor environment, ecological landscape, smart home, green lighting, and barrier-free facilities. high-tech. Among them, the renewable energy utilization system obtains 67 million kilowatt-hours of energy from the sun and recycled water every year, which is equivalent to reducing carbon dioxide emissions by 67,000 tons, and the use of recycled water saves 40% of electricity. These achievements will intuitively allow visitors to understand the technical application of green buildings, experience the lifestyle of low-carbon homes, and feel the livable green homes in their minds through audio-visual videos, smart models, and physical displays. According to reports, as a model of China's green and low-carbon humanized community, Guoao Village has received hundreds of visiting groups from cities and communities at home and abroad, and has provided solutions for many cities. Shanghai World Expo River water source heat pump, Guangzhou Asian Games solar hot water, Nantong Xincheng District reclaimed water source heat pump and many other projects, all refer to Beijing Guoao Village for promotion and implementation. Tongzhou New Town Canal Core Area Project will be highlighted as an important event during the Shanghai World Expo "Beijing Week". The "Charming Capital Economic Promotion Conference" with the theme of "Charming Beijing, a World City" will be held in Shanghai on May 5th. Hosted by Jinmao Grand Hyatt Hotel. At that time, the Zhongguancun National Independent Innovation Demonstration Zone, Beijing Economic and Technological Development Zone, Tongzhou New Town, and Beijing Central Business District will conduct special promotions. "Beijing takes the opportunity of the Shanghai World Expo to publicize and promote Beijing's new economic development plans and new business opportunities, show Beijing's development concept, development vitality and urban charm to the world, and enhance Beijing's global popularity and reputation." Wang Hongzhuan said . During the meeting, senior executives of foreign-invested enterprises in Beijing will give speeches, and relevant Beijing Municipal Commissions, Offices and Bureaus will also provide consulting services on investment in Beijing on the spot. Promotion activities will also be carried out in various forms such as exhibition boards, pictures, multimedia videos, publicity albums, and feature film playback. So far, 114 world-renowned companies have confirmed their participation. In addition, in order to make the economic promotion activities more influential, the Beijing Municipal Bureau of Investment Promotion and the International Information Development Organization of the United Nations Development Program will hold the "Project Matching Day" on May 6 at the International Information Development Network Pavilion of the Shanghai World Expo. Activity. 16 districts, counties and development zones in Beijing will bring 145 projects to the conference. These include 14 projects in the core area of Tongzhou New Town Canal, 9 projects in Beijing Economic and Technological Development Zone, as well as Beijing Mafang Bonded Logistics Base, Chaoyang District Jinzhan Financial Park and other projects. At that time, it will focus on promoting the key development projects in Beijing through various forms such as project promotion, consultation and docking negotiation. The United Nations International Information Development Organization will also invite investors and industry insiders from relevant countries to participate in the conference with their own project information. (Reporter Liu Jie) I want to comment