"The Economist" cover article: Obama's dilemma The cover article of this issue of "The Economist" agrees with the discussion in the United States and Western allies on whether to send more troops to Afghanistan. The article believes that the limited counter-terrorism strategy represented by US Vice President Biden cannot stabilize the situation in Afghanistan, and the instability in the country will inevitably affect the stability of the neighboring nuclear state Pakistan. If the latter situation is volatile, it will inevitably pose a threat to the proliferation of nuclear weapons in the international community. General Stanley McChrystal, the top U.S. military commander in Afghanistan, was candid about the complexities of the war with the Taliban in Afghanistan. He finds the country's mountainous and desert terrain daunting. In addition, there are rival tribes in disguise and deceit, and the society is poor and divided after 30 years of war, and it is a forgotten country. Because the two parties cannot understand each other, prior acts of kindness often have unintended consequences. Locals often blame foreign attacks for hurting Afghans, and attempts to win local hearts and minds have deepened the rivalry. For example, for the villagers to dig wells, the foreign army is just doing a good deed to provide water for the villagers, but this behavior may create divisions in the local area, or leave the local people with the impression that outsiders are helping some tribe's opponents. The prospects for U.S. and NATO troops in Afghanistan are becoming increasingly worrisome as NATO's eight-year bloody war in Afghanistan, the legitimacy of President Karzai's campaign against scandals, and Western perceptions of the war. Falling approval ratings and indecision from the White House. McChrystal's recent speech in London was surprising. This is like trying to force his political master to comply with his request to send tens of thousands of soldiers to Ah Zen, in addition to the disrespectful disobedience. McChrystal also said the uncertainty about the surge has discouraged U.S. allies and delighted enemies. He criticized those who want to scale back military operations in Afghanistan, such as Vice President Biden, for being short-sighted, and mocked those who want to resort to a policy of nuisance to withdraw troops. Exactly how to meet this request, President Obama is still hesitant. He is still discussing the troop increase with aides. The current discussion has led to two combat strategies. One is to focus on manpower advantages against counter-insurgency forces in order to win the hearts and minds of the local people and establish a stable government there; the other is to focus on eliminating the most important threats to the West. The counter-terrorism strategy is to rely on air strikes and special forces attacks. Obama has swung back and forth between two strategies. In the face of accusations that the government is wavering, the White House said that the new strategy will not reduce the number of troops on a large scale. But Obama declared when he inspected the National Counterterrorism Center of the United States that the United States is to find all the places where al Qaeda has its roots to strike. The meaning of his words seemed to support the second option. The big question now is whether the West should fight the Taliban, which brings together various Pashtun groups, or harbours terrorism like al Qaeda. Obama ordered a review of the situation in March. The final conclusion is that these groups of organizations are inseparable. America's top priority is to bring down al Qaeda, but defeating the group requires action against the insurgents, leaving the Taliban cornered. Now, the resistance to action is becoming clearer and the premise of action is being questioned. Discussions in U.S. politics have shown a situation of role reversal. While many Democrats oppose U.S. help in building Afghanistan, the world's poorest country, Republicans vehemently oppose stabilizing the situation solely by wiping out thugs in large numbers. However, the notion that Afghanistan cannot be compared to Iraq and calls for lower expectations of operations in Afghanistan is influential in American politics. Although Washington has not officially stated its position, giving up the fight against the Taliban means the failure of the US military and NATO in Afghanistan and the resurgent Taliban forces in some or most parts of Afghanistan, making the militants in the nuclear-armed Pakistan even more daring and rampant. British Army Chief of Staff David Richards believes that the failure of the West in Afghanistan will have a catalytic effect on extremist Muslims around the world. Even the loss of parts of Afghanistan in a smaller counterterrorism operation is worrying. The air strikes need to take off from bases in Afghanistan, and the border area with Pakistan is crucial for gathering information and intelligence. It is very difficult to just get Pakistan to do so on the other side of the border if the US does not strike the Taliban in Afghanistan. General McChrystal knew better than anyone the strengths and weaknesses of counterinsurgency strategies. His troops are designed to deal with the murderous al-Qaeda in Iraq. In Afghanistan, in particular, SOF units remain highly dependent on air strikes, which also often result in casualties among the poor. But General McChrystal now wants to devote all of his energy to counterinsurgency operations, drastically curtailing air strikes. Political factors will play a decisive role in the current fight for the legitimacy of the presidential election in Afghanistan. National institution building is the most difficult, and it will be even more difficult to implement institution building before the electoral fraud crisis is resolved. The polls meant a reshaping of Karzai's leadership and tarnished his image, making it difficult for the West to justify a surge in Afghanistan. The ultimate question is that only the United States can change the direction of this war. President Obama understands that sending more troops to Afghanistan will hinder the relief of the physical and mental stress of American servicemen. But losing a war is more likely to demoralize an army. General McChrystal's consideration of the wider operation is sending a strong signal to the outside world that the United States is committed to the war. If the operation bears fruit, more insurgent leaders may consider defecting. If you oppose his troop increase plan, it means sending a signal of weakness to the outside world. (East Anhui)