How to get through the bottleneck period of miscellaneous e-sports? I went online today and saw a very eye-catching news: Tod announced his official retirement. Speaking of him, in fact, at a certain period of time with the world's top Terran such as Sky, he can definitely be placed in a high level of Warcraft Terran players, but I don't know if it is the romantic spirit born in the French that made Tod choose to leave, because it is not who They can persist in such a cruel e-sports circle, especially at an age where they should consider starting a family and starting a business. In fact, top players like Tod who can already have "wood, cover, melon, drag" god-level names in the e-sports circle, their performance in major events and clubs is absolutely not bad, and the relevant treatment should also be very good. , but as I said just now, everyone will grow old one day, maybe our Tod is really tired. I read a movie magazine a while ago and saw a reformative remark made by the author when I interviewed Hong Kong film giant, Run Run Shaw, when the Hong Kong film industry was in the doldrums. "What should we do to revive the movie kingdom? ... The first thing is to cut the pay of actors. Those big-name stars are too expensive, and they earn too much." This sentence is quoted here, not to express the current famous Esports players shouldn't take big prize money, but esports is definitely in a state of weakness right now with no one to follow. One time, when I was traveling home from a business trip, I was sitting on a long-distance bus. A passenger behind me heard me and my colleagues talk about some issues involved in the e-sports event that I was preparing for, and interjected. After learning our identities, we chatted together, and also sighed from his perspective as an e-sports enthusiast. "There are only a few people who come and go every year, and they are tired of watching." The audience is tired of watching the aesthetics, the top players are tired from practicing, the manufacturers have invested their money and their legs are weak, and the organizers of the competition have to spend a lot of time every day. I'm on my nerves... Is it time to change the mode of e-sports? The answer must be yes. Whether the peers around you talk about innovation all day, or the audience and players want to make breakthroughs all day, everyone from the inside out has been studying this issue. Speaking of which, it is not that I have been complaining that the current e-sports environment is not good. Under the situation that the situation in all aspects is gradually severe, the wave of reform has actually begun. Just like some small competitions held by many well-known game sites to promote newcomers, the current competition is no longer monopolized by famous competitions such as WCG, and various private commercial competitions have gradually formed a scale. Manufacturers may not invest as much as before, but players should gradually understand that e-sports is actually more of a spirit. If you take it as a way of supporting your family in your life, you will definitely eat steamed bread and pickles every day. Not enough either. Most of the first batch of big-name players who have risen in just ten years are now almost approaching their own year of no confusion. Those who should retire should retire, and those who should find a way to find a way back. It seems that everyone has understood that they once had more More worth it in the long run. When every industry reaches a certain bottleneck period, there will be a more or less change. In today's fast-developing society, this bottleneck period of e-sports should be over soon, just like human society "chaos and rule" The development of the law is the same, the next ten years of e-sports will not be difficult. Finally, I still wish Tod here, and also bless people like him who have struggled for their ideals when they were young. You are good!