IHT: $80 billion in energy spending is a good start Sina Financial News "The International Herald Tribune" published an opinion piece on February 18, saying that the economic stimulus package includes an investment of $80 billion in the energy sector, although it is not necessary to fully address climate change and oil dependence. It's not enough in terms of questions, but it's a good start. The following is a summary of the article: About $80 billion in government spending, loan guarantees and tax incentives in the U.S. economic stimulus package are used in the energy sector to improve energy efficiency, promote the use of renewable energy, develop energy-efficient vehicles, and promote the development of clean coal technology. As a stand-alone measure, the $80 billion investment would be the largest energy bill in U.S. history. This should not be confused with the Global Warming Act. Tackling climate change will require broader strategies, larger investments in clean energy technologies, setting prices on greenhouse gas emissions and opening markets to private investment. However, it is a satisfactory upfront payment. $80 billion is a lot of money. Federal agencies responsible for grants must monitor closely to ensure they are used appropriately. Here are some terms to keep an eye on: Energy Efficiency: Homes and buildings consume 40% of the energy in the US, more than cars. More than half of the $25 billion in energy efficiency improvements will go toward helping low-income households insulate their homes and helping governments at all levels retrofit public buildings. Renewable energy: In addition to investment in alternative energy R&D, $20 billion will provide tax incentives for the development of wind, solar, hydroelectric and other renewable energy sources, which will be critical for future growth. Smart grid: The government will provide $11 billion in subsidies and $6 billion in loans to modernize the grid and increase its transmission capacity. Public transport: While public transport is more effective at reducing oil consumption and greenhouse gas emissions, government spending on the sector has been far from adequate for a long time. This time, the government will invest $17.7 billion, an increase of nearly 70 percent from current spending levels. More needs to be done to fully address climate change and oil dependence. President Obama also made a lot of promises during his campaign. But the stimulus package can be seen as a good start. (Xingya)