North American box office roundup: "Enchanted" is low-key and unable to save the market Roundup of the week First of all, I would like to thank nliye for helping me correct a mistake: Last week's "This Christmas" did not have Quinn Latifah, Terrence Howard's two supporting roles, the "Christmas-themed black comedy" "The Perfect Holiday" (The Perfect Holiday), will be released on the Christmas schedule. Only because the original title of "Perfect Holiday" was "This Christmas", which is the same as "My Santa Claus", so it was confused. My apologies! >_<! The book returns to the original story, although there is no suspense for "Magic" to win the top spot, the North American market continues to drop by the limit. This weekend's top 12 total bungee jumping dropped about 49% to only $76.5 million; similar to the same period in 2005, the biggest famine in the new century, which is the third consecutive "Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire" Week. The bad news came again: the "ideal task" of breaking through in 2004 has become more and more difficult to achieve! ! ! Since the beginning of autumn, the North American theater chain has been frozen. The good trend as of July is now completely sluggish. At present, the overall output value is only less than 1% higher than that in 2004. Is it impossible to ejaculate prematurely at the last moment! ? ... It's still the same old saying: Can we refresh history and wait for "Dark Matter: The Golden Compass" to point out the answer for us. On the other side, the competition for the golden man is becoming more and more fierce, and the masterpieces of the great man seem to be springing up. This week's two main characters are "The Savages" (The Savages) and "The Diving Bell and the Butterfly" (The Diving Bell and the Butterfly) (The Diving Bell and the Butterfly). In one fell swoop, he became a strong candidate for many awards such as Best Director, Actor, Supporting Actor, Supporting Actress, Adapted Screenplay, and Cinematography. A word of caution: next year's Oscar winner may be more difficult to predict than the best picture... I believe that friends who pay attention to the statue must be deeply touched. The Oscars feature rounds up the highlights (rumours...!?) 2. Oscar front: "The Savages", Laura Linney is super popular after being promoted to film! ! ! [Back to List] The smooth Fox searchlight is sniping at the Golden Man again! ! ! "The Savages" (The Savages, once translated as "The Savages") was quietly released on November 28, and immediately aroused a warm pursuit of 86 points in the media comprehensive review (Yahoo's A-, Rotten Tomatoes website freshness 90) %). This film tells the story of two intellectual sisters and brothers who are unhappy with each other (a second-rate screenwriter who does not sell well VS an inactive drama teacher), who are forced to get together because of their father's sudden Alzheimer's disease, and escort the father all the way to check in In the process of the nursing home, the hypocrisy and pride of standing still, the selfishness and inferiority of shirk responsibility, were all dissolved by the long-lost family... - Sounds familiar, doesn't it? If you change the subject and object a little bit, the above sentence can also be used to introduce "About Schmidt", "Life with a Glass of Wine" or "Little Miss Sunshine". That's right, it's another "Olympic bid road film" that sees the big from the small and tears with laughter! And the "beautiful talented woman" (rare?) who wrote and directed the film, Tamara Jenkins, is the wife of Jim Taylor, the screenwriter of "About Schmidt" and "Life with a Glass of Wine", and the producer Fox Searchlight It is the owner of "Life with a Glass of Wine" and "Little Miss Sunshine". It can be seen that from the point of view of creation and distribution, "The Savages" is in the same line as "Schmidt", "A Glass of Wine" and "Little Beauty". Please bear with me here, and wait until I finish introducing the movie, and then watch the media's reaction. Let's start with the creative aspect. The real behind-the-scenes hero of "Savage" is not Jenkins director's husband Jim Taylor (executive producer), but another producer, Alexander Payne. This guy is the real-life ex-husband of Sandra Oh (Christina, the surgery maniac in the show), the "Asian Golden Girl" of the hit series "Grey's Anatomy." In order not to overwhelm the guest, I will temporarily give up (let go...) gossip about this pair of Bi people. Just say Payne. Although the Taylors have successively participated in "About Schmidt" and "Life with a Glass of Wine" as loyal partners, Payne, who is "director + screenwriter", is the soul of these two plays. Together with the earlier "Election Night" (a campus comedy that taps Rhys Witherspoon's highest acting skills), it constitutes Pei's "Little People Trilogy". "The Savage Family" was also fortunate to be filmed because the script was recommended by him for vomiting blood. ... So, although Jim Taylor "has a good wife", Alexander Payne is Tamara Jenkins' number one nobleman. Let's talk about distribution. The reason why the searchlights of the old foxes photographed "The Savage Family" is of course to see potential business opportunities. Don't underestimate the "Alexander Payne & Jim Taylor" team that produced the film. They can not only win the Oscar for Best Original Screenplay for "Life with a Glass of Wine", but also "main knife" (screenwriter) "Jurassic Park 3" or "Consultation" (Script Doctor) "My Big Gay Wedding". The more sturdy records are: "About Schmidt" invested $30 million, produced $65 million and two Oscar nominations, "A Glass of Wine" invested $16 million, produced $71 million and five Oscar nominations ( a trophy)! Can be called a good model, small profits but quick turnover. That being said, The Savages, which is from the same family, are certainly worth the money. Fox Searchlight, which handled "Savage", has accumulated valuable experience through the operation of "Life with a Glass of Wine" three years ago, and has long been familiar with selling such well-received warm sketches. Last year's "Little Miss Sunshine", this spring's "Waitress", and the upcoming "Juno" are all similar products - "good response, big and small awards, long-term release", the three positive interactions, "Savage" not excluded. Although the average of 38,000$ for screenings in 4 theaters this week is slightly lower than the 52,000$ of "Glass of Wine" and "Little Beauty" in the same period, considering the overall lukewarm movie market, it is still an exciting achievement. The lasting power of Savage. Finally look back at the voice of the media. Entertainment Weekly, Los Angeles Times, The Hollywood Reporter, New York Times, Variety, New York Daily News, Newsweek, Chicago Tribune, New York Post, Rolling Stone, USA Today, Premiere are all A or A-. "Although it is a tragedy, the story is not overly sentimental. After a lot of thoughts, the audience will find that they have been completely calculated by the calm director...", "The unique humor of female directors has a unique effect in a sad atmosphere", " The perfect balance of laughter and tears shows the curative effect of the healing system", "The eclectic shaping method makes the smooth characters sympathetic, and the ambivalent attitude of the two brothers and sisters in pain and happiness in the process of breaking the ice brings a powerful force to the story. Persuasion", "The director deliberately maintains the semi-freehand brushwork of 'far view', distance produces beauty!". The biggest hero of "The Savages" is undoubtedly the two leading actors Laura Linney and Philip Seymour Hoffman. Hoffman also appeared in "Before the Devil Knows You Died" and "Charlie's War" at the same time this year, three times with Oscar-level acting skills, which makes people feel helpless. Linney grabbed the biggest benefit of the film, "with an impeccable rhythm of comedy, turning 'Savich' into a movie made for her" - a Golden Globe nomination for a musical/comedy actress is already close to home. In addition, Philip Bursko, who played his dying father, also performed wonderfully. I wonder if his old man has any hope of turning into "Alan Arkin in 2007"? Finally, in terms of the response from the critics: "Life with a Glass of Wine" > "The Savages" > "Little Sunshine". Although "Glass of Wine" and "Little Miss" were both nominated for best picture, this year "Savage" has to face the same type of natural enemy "Juno" (Juno) - winning in the two works. Before the negative, it is impossible to say who can become "Little Beauty in 2007". Fox Searchlight would rather fight in the same room than postpone one of them until next year's release... It's really a "Left-leaning opportunistic" bid for the Olympics. However, even if "Savage" eventually loses to "Juno", it will still be a dazzling guest at the 80th Academy Awards in the writing and acting departments. 3. Oscar front: "The Diving Bell and the Butterfly", another French film successfully invaded Hollywood! [Back to List] "The Diving Bell and the Butterfly", which was screened in 3 theaters and averaged $25,100 in a single hall, debuted with an "astronomical number" of 93 points in a comprehensive media review (Yahoo! A-, 93% on Rotten Tomatoes; it is estimated that the score will drop slightly after expanding the screen area...). After "Life of the Rose", another French-language film with a very "Oscar-like" appearance was born - if last year, the Golden Man caught up with the "Latin Year", then this year is undoubtedly the "French Year"! First of all, answer the questions of many enthusiastic friends: "The Diving Bell and the Butterfly" will not enter the competition for the Best Foreign Language Film Award. Like "Lust, Caution", they do not meet the basic conditions of "officially selected by the participating countries or regions"—— France dispatched "I grew up in Iran"; after "Lust, Caution" was disqualified from the competition by the academy in Taiwan (the reason is: the vast majority of the crew members did not come from Taiwan, my country), the "Etudes" were replaced. . But "The Diving Bell and the Butterfly" and "Lust, Caution" are both eligible for 17 other Oscars: Best Picture, Director, Actor, Actress, Supporting Actor, Supporting Actress, Adapted Screenplay, Cinematography, Editing , Art Direction, Costume Design, Makeup, Visual Effects, Sound Effects, Sound Editing, Soundtrack, Songs. The reason is very simple, both works will be released in the United States within this year. Generally speaking, unless there are special circumstances (for example, the film does not meet the specifications, the actors do not dub, etc.), the films released in the United States are basically eligible to compete for various Oscar awards - of course, this also requires the producer to have sufficient funds and Strength to carry out public relations. In addition to the best foreign language film, "Diving Bell" and "Lust, Caution" cannot participate in the selection, but also the best original screenplay, animated feature film, documentary feature film, live-action short film, animated short film, and documentary short film. The reason is obvious at a glance, I'll omit it...). Then introduce the plot of "The Diving Bell and the Butterfly". Jean-Dominique Bobby, the former editor-in-chief of the French fashion magazine "Elle", suffered a cerebral hemorrhage and was paralyzed one day, but the strong man did not succumb to the disease, but relied on the only movable left eyelid in the whole body. With the help of his family, he wrote his autobiography "The Diving Bell and the Butterfly" with the help of his family. The "diving bell" was a medieval punishment that trapped prisoners in a giant bell and drowned at the bottom of the sea; the "butterfly" symbolized the soul of Dominica's pursuit of freedom. The film won the Best Director Award at the Cannes Film Festival in May. The painter-turned-director Julian Schubert shocked the industry with "Before Night Falls" as early as 2000, and also made Javier Barton nominated for the Oscar that year; "The Diving Bell and the Butterfly" has undergone seven years of intensive polishing in This week's bright sword is really sharp and invincible, and it easily makes all film critics capture it. Let's listen to those compliments together: "A heartwarming journey of the soul!", "Going against the traditional inspirational model, but stepping into a new realm, a subversive biopic!", "In a film that does not shy away from reality. On the basis of this, using fantastic visual effects, the protagonist's memories and fantasies are wonderfully displayed", "The unrestrained creativity and the magnificent image of the spiritual world bring unprecedented sensory pleasure", "The joy of life" And moved, profoundly contrasting the cruelty and regret of death.”  … Actor Matthew Amalik's performances were amazing; Emmanuel Senna, who played his wife, and Max von Hedo, who played his father, also won incredible praise. The New York Chronicle, The New Yorker, Newsweek, Premiere, The Wall Street Journal, The Hollywood Reporter, The New York Post, Entertainment Weekly, The Christian Science Monitor, Authorities such as The New York Times, Los Angeles Times, Rolling Stone, etc. have given A or A-. The media praised the virtues in unison, which means that "The Diving Bell and the Butterfly" will easily cross the barrier of "French films" and attack the Oscars in an all-round way. Miramax bought "The Queen" from Venice last year, and this year spent a lot of money on "No Country for Old Men" and "Diving Bell" in Cannes. ! ! 4. Box Office Trends of "Magic Romance", "Beowulf" and "My Santa Claus" in the top three [Back to Table of Contents] After the first round of competition, let's return to the "box office" theme. "Enchanted", "Beowulf" and "My Santa Claus" fell by 50.6%, 53.2%, and 52.3% this week, all of which suffered heavy losses. Although Lian Zhuang's "Magic" has been through $70 million, it is quite difficult to reach the original target of $150 million. To be on the safe side, the final estimate was revised down to $130 million to be more realistic. In short, "Magic" did not move the market up much, it can only be considered a loss. If it is said that "Magic" is just not finished beautifully and smoothly, then the performance of "Beowulf" can only be described as "shabby" (the sequelae of "Good Luck Beijing" gymnastics competition...). Although "Beowulf" sticks to the second place, it is obviously lacking in stamina compared with the predecessor "Arctic Express", which also belongs to the "real-life motion capture generation technology". In this way, the North American box office will not even be able to pass the $100 million barrier, and Paramount, which has spent a huge amount of $150 million, must be unable to regret it? It's a pity that director Robert Zamisky didn't give up, and the old man used "motion capture" to confuse Disney again - "A Christmas Carol" (A Christmas Carol), which also uses this technology, will be released in November 2009, when There will be Jim Kelly and Gary Oldman in "Wax Man" appearance again. Fans are ready to welcome them. By the way, let's mention "My Santa Claus", which is at the second place in the list. This low-cost comedy with a production cost of 13 million has already earned nearly 37 million, and it is estimated that it will be capped at around 60 million - the purchasing power of the black audience is really not to be underestimated. watch for! 5. "2008 Oscar Front" series of special topics (9) [Back to List] November 26 → "Charlie Wilson's War" (directed by Mike Nichols) There are many opinions about how it is so far, but the "great masterpiece" and The two extreme factions of "bad movies" are the most active, and there are few moderate opinions. ↓ The ending of No Country for Old Men (directed by Ethan Cohen and Joe Cohen) is not to the academy’s appetite, and the judges’ mixed attitude may affect its nomination for Best Picture…. ↓ "Free Run" (I'm Not There, directed by Todd Haynes) Cate Blanchett was once rumored to be arranged in the heroine rather than the supporting actress unit to sign up, ... Fortunately, it turned out to be a rumor, Otherwise, in this year of the post-shadow melee, it is very likely that even the first stage of the nomination will not pass. November 27 ↑ "The Golden Compass" (The Golden Compass, directed by Chris Waits) showered with praise after the preview in London, although the quality was not as expected, but there is no doubt that this will lead to the box office throughout the holiday season. Going high for the bestsellers. ↓"Atonement" (directed by Joe White) Although it has caused frenzy in various places before, it has recently shocked a group of opinions: "Keira Knightley's acting skills are overrated, it is actually difficult to be in the post-film unit. Make a difference", this... ↑ "The Diving Bell and the Butterfly" (The Diving Bell and the Butterfly, directed by Julian Schubert) The voice is still rising: "Julian Schubert nominated for best director is not a dream! !!",…… Really! ? On November 28 ↑ "Charlie's War" finally held a preview meeting, and the evaluation of all parties was basically "a good movie, but not great", a masterpiece rather than a masterpiece. But "Philip Seymour Hoffman is nominated for Best Supporting Actor!!!", this... ↑ The darkness and violence of "No Country for Old Men" make traditional members terrified, but if the box office can maintain a good trend, it will get 50 million The public support above $ is expected to resolve the prejudice of the college - no matter how talented the industry voters are, they must follow the public opinion. ↑ Will Smith of "I am Legend" (directed by Francis Lawrence) did give strong acting skills. At first everyone thought it was a joke, but after the preview, he began to face up to this "inconvenient truth". Of course, if you want to make a difference on the Oscar front, it is best to provide "data" support of about $200 million at the North American box office. November 29 ↓ "Into the Wild" (directed by Sean Penn) was completely rejected by the Independent Spirit Awards because the production budget exceeded the scope of the license; and "The Kite Runner" (The Kite Runner, Mark Foster) and "There Will Be Blood" (Paul Thomas Anderson) were stymied by late release dates -- it seems the "foreplay" is too long In line with the "spirit of independence". ↑ "Dan in Real Life" (Dan in Real Life, directed by Peter Hedges) supporting actress Juliette Binoche is accused of being expected to take advantage of the chaotic situation in the supporting actress unit, ... Really! ? ↑ "Man in the Chair" (Michael Schroeder)'s Christopher Plummer is said to be a dark horse on the top actor's front line, ... even though the film doesn't even have a release date set. November 30↓ "Charlie's War", "The Savages" (directed by Tamara Jenkins), "Margot at the Wedding" (directed by Noah Bernbach) All have been confirmed for the Golden Globes Music/Comedy category, along with "Juno" (directed by Jason Reitman) and "Sweeney Todd: The Demon Barber of Fleet Street" Tom Burton), it's really overcrowded and overcrowded. Fortunately, "Free Ride" escaped the disaster and was merged into the Golden Globe Awards plot department, ... Why! ? ↑ Amy Adams of "Enchanted" (directed by Kevin Lima) is expected to be nominated for the actress - don't think this is a joke, recently there have been rumors of "more than nomination, must win", this... … ↓The bloody level of "Sweeney Todd" may make "No Country for Old Men" ashamed. It is said that the audience has fainted at the preview event, ... It's too hyped! ? December 1 → The "nothing" status of the female supporting unit has greatly increased the opportunities for the otherwise hopeless supporting actresses in entertainment films, so to speak "Harry Potter and the Order" (Harry Potter and the Order) of the Phoenix (directed by David Yates), Imelda Staunton (directed by David Yates), and Mitchell Pfeiffer (directed by Adam Shankman) of Hairspray (directed by Adam Shankman), don't you have a great chance! ? Of course, "American Gangster" (Ridley Scott)'s grandma Ruby Tee could also be "an entertainment supporting actress", which... ↑ "La Vie en Rose, Olivier Dahen)'s Marion Cotillard makes it to the Golden Globes music/comedy department, ... Lucky for the French woman. ↓ "American Gangster" and "Dueling Yuma Town" (3:10 to Yuma, directed by James Mengold) must arrange for Russell Crowe to sign up in the best actor unit. Carry on. 6. This week's new film/Golden Plum Front: "Awake", obviously the entire crew is dizzy... [Return to List] During the operation, the handsome handsome man accidentally "Awake" (Awake) from anesthesia, although he can only think , unable to move, but heard the terrifying truth in the doctor's casual conversation... This thriller, which refused to set a media premiere, was immediately shot into a melon by the media as soon as it came out. "Nothing to watch except 'stupid'", "The surgery scene is amazingly fake, "House", "Grey", "ER" must be giggling", "The plot is riddled with holes, the rambling flashes Back, Hayden Christensen, who was distracted by acting, and Jessica Alba, who sold meat for nothing!" ..., with the lowest of the "New York Daily News" and "The Boston Globe" Divided into representatives, "Sober" received a lot of bad reviews, and the media comprehensive review was only a pitiful 29 points (Yahoo did not count, and the freshness of Rotten Tomatoes was only 6%...!). The "bad harvest" of about $6.01 million in the opening weekend is also expected, and the situation is similar to "Tourists Stop" in the same period last year. Horror films like "The Tourist" are as out-of-season as "Sober," and it's certainly not uncommon for them to flop in the joyous and harmonious holiday season. Considering that "Sober" starring "Hayden Christensen & Jessica Alba" has a slightly higher box office appeal than "The Tourist"'s "Josh Dummel & Melissa George" ( It's hard to say now, handsome Josh Dummel starred in the $300 million "Transformers" this summer), and "Sober" may be close to $15 million at the box office. 7. Box office status of other films: "Margot at the Wedding" and "Free Ride" failed to expand! [Back to Contents] ↑"The North Pole Santa Brothers" still sticks to the sixth place, with a total of nearly 60 million US dollars, and it should be no suspense to exceed 70 million US dollars. ↓The always tangled "A Little Bee" and "American Gangster" plummeted by about 62% and 53% respectively. The former failed to recover the box office equivalent to the $150 million budget in North America, and the latter was unable to surpass the $132 million "Breakthrough" Dao Fengyun"--for the best animated feature/best picture entry at the Oscars, it can be described as a disaster. ↓ "The Mist" dropped 53% and fell to the 11th place, with a total of $19 million so far (the production cost is $18 million...). ↓ "Margot at the Wedding" was expanded to 35 cinemas, and the average per-house dropped to 5,700$; "Free Ride" was expanded to 138 cinemas, with an average of 3,500$,... Both works failed to expand. . 8. Next week's trailer + trailer recommendation [Back to List] It's finally the premiere week of "Dark Matter: The Golden Compass". Maybe it was rejected by some theaters for being suspected of "advocating atheism"? The tentatively planned opening scale of 3,000 theaters is not as exaggerated as the new line company's publicity strategy of "talking about Xiangsi everywhere". However, compared to the "Lord of the Rings" series with an average cost of about $100 million, the $150 million budget of "The Golden Compass" is obviously more "sensational". It is hoped that with the help of the "parallel space" worldview constructed by the huge budget and the strong technical strength of Weta Studio, it will bring a luxurious opening figure of more than 50 million US dollars to the new line of film industry in the year of no confusion - this set of so-called "The Lord of the Rings" Whether the "Dark Matters" trilogy, the best Anglo-Saxon fantasy literature ever, can be put on the screen in turn depends on how "The Golden Compass" performs. The Oscar front was equally clamorous: Venice's "Uncrowned King" "Atonement," Rome's best picture "Juno," and Sundance's Audience Choice winner "Happy Gone." Grace Is Gone) will battle it out next week. "Atonement" is the love epic of "Pride and Prejudice" Joe White and Keira Knightley again. With the support of the classic original work and the heavy background of World War II, it is definitely the "Golden Man's Cup" Tea". "Juno," produced by Fox Searchlight honorably, is very much like "Little Miss Sunshine", whether it is a light and pleasant comedy line or a story about finding oneself. "Happiness Is Gone" reflects on the Iraq War from the ordinary perspective of "after the unfortunate death of his wife in the war, the widower still has to live with the child". ... It is also a masterpiece that has received numerous acclaims in the preview stage. It was also selected to appear in the white-hot stage near the end of the competition, and the smoke was filled for a while. This week's trailer for you is from Untraceable, another "e-era crime thriller." A female FBI agent who lives with her youngest daughter is tasked with investigating a bizarre serial murder case, each time the killer recklessly uploads photos and videos of the victims to the Internet for others to enjoy. As the investigation continues to deepen, the female detective played by Diane Lane is shocked to realize that although the IP address is far away, the culprit is lurking around and peeping at her. ... I believe the stunning ending of the trailer will also attract you! Box office: 1. New Line's 40-year-old luxury birthday package "Dark Matter: The Golden Compass" (The Golden Compass). Oscar series: 1. "Atonement", known as "2007's "The English Patient"; 2. "Juno", known as "pregnant version of "Little Sunshine";