6.16 Leju and Runze Properties launched a strategic cooperation in a photo exhibition (Photos) In order to celebrate the 60th anniversary of the motherland, commemorate the major historical events in the past 30 years, review the little footprints of China's urbanization process, and record the changes in the living environment of the masses, 2009 On April 27th, jointly organized by China Real Estate Association, China Photographers Association, China National Geographic (blog) magazine and Sina.com, organized by Sina Leju, and co-organized by China Photography News Home" National Photography Exhibition kicked off. "Runze Real Estate" is a real estate enterprise aiming at creating a leader in differentiated and innovative high-end properties. It has been adhering to the corporate philosophy of "honesty and quality first" for many years. The top luxury house "Golden Bay" developed in Guangzhou by Amex Group, a subsidiary of Runze Real Estate, has successively won the titles of "China's Top Ten Super Luxury Houses" and "China's Famous Real Estate". In 2001, Runze Real Estate entered Beijing and won nearly one million square meters of land in the core area of the National Olympics. It was divided into four projects and developed independently one after another. It is committed to promoting the development of the entire region and even the city with buildings. With the launch of Runze Manor and Yuexi, its brand image of responsible real estate and integrity real estate has been widely recognized by high-end customers across the country. >>>Click to enter Runze Manor >>>Click to enter Runze Yuexi Sina and Runze Real Estate will jointly use their own lenses to interpret the changes of the times and the city, and present a gift for the 60th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China. On June 16, Feng Yi, General Manager of Runze Real Estate, visited Sina Leju. Runze Real Estate, together with its Runze Yuexi, Runze Manor projects and Sina Leju, launched a comprehensive strategy for the "My City, My Home" national photography exhibition. cooperate. Related reading: >>> "My City, My Home" Photography Exhibition >>> Strategic Cooperation Launching Ceremony Video Live >>> Mingbo Tasting Group Walks into Runze Manor >>> Sina Leju House Buying Day, Yuexi Special Time : June 16, 2009, 10:00 am Venue: Sina Leju Guest Chat Room, 8th Floor, Ideal International Building Zhang Haorun, Manager of Real Estate Marketing Department Li Jianying, Deputy Manager of Real Estate Marketing Department Moderator: Xing Xiaoli, Director of Key Account Department of Sina Leju Sina Leju will broadcast the event live. good! Welcome to the Sina guest chat room. Today we have invited several distinguished guests, who are also our Sina Leju's always very good partners, and several leaders of Runze Real Estate. Runze's visit to Sina today is also based on our current "My City, My Home" activity. You can see that there is a background version behind us, which is also our current very hot event: "My City, My Home" National Photography Exhibition. First of all, let me introduce today's guests. Sitting in the middle is Feng Yi, the vice president of Runze Real Estate. Sitting next to him is Luo Jun, the general manager of Sina Leju. Sitting next to Mr. Feng is very familiar to us. Zhang Hao, the general manager of the Marketing Department of Runze Real Estate, is also very well-marketed; sitting next to me is Li Jianying, the Deputy Manager of the Marketing Department of Runze Real Estate. The "My City, My Home" photo contest was launched at the end of April, and it has been 4 months so far. Last time Yi Xiaodi joined our event, and after that, some brand enterprises joined in. Next, I will hand over the microphone to Mr. Luo and introduce the current situation of "My City, My Home". The picture shows Luo Jun, general manager of Sina Leju: This is the case. Let me talk about the use of this activity first. In fact, by chance, I talked with several leaders of the Ministry of Construction, including several leaders of the Central Radio Station. This year marks the 60th anniversary of the founding of China. How can we reflect the achievements of a country? Everyone thinks that the growth of a country depends on its urbanization, and the most important thing in urbanization is architecture. Eventually we came up with a photographic model. So we came up with such a relatively popular name, "my city my home". It's been about a month since the launch, and the progress and impact of this month is beyond our imagination. We suddenly found out that over the years, everyone has truly felt that the new China has brought them a better life, and they also lamented the changes in their lives, which are so beautiful and happy. Because we now have very few awards for this event, the highest award is 10,000 yuan. So we think most netizens are not participating because of this. As of today, 65,000 works have been uploaded. It's not easy. Second, over 1 million votes have come in, and we've found this campaign to be very well-received. At the same time, we also opened the upload and selection of mobile phones, which has increased a lot. I believe this should be a great audience-facing engagement. In addition, there are also some development companies to participate. Development companies are very willing to introduce their good works to the city. Good work, let's enjoy it together. The third level is more and more cooperation. Actually, we were originally the fourth agency, and the radio station was the fifth agency. They thought it was such a good event and wanted to join in. In addition, there are more than 100 real estate-related alliances. Up to now, more than 100 journals are reporting on "My City My Home" in every issue. So, I feel like this is a real point of interest. I think with the participation of netizens, the participation of various media, the cooperation with the local government, and the local publicity department of the municipal party committee, almost all the agencies are involved. So far there should be more than 10 regions set up specialized organizations. It's only been a month since this event, and it's not easy to develop to this point. The above is the current status of our activities. Since the start of this event, 65,000 works have been received so far, and it should not be a problem to exceed 100,000 in the future. Praise the achievements of the great motherland and carry forward our contribution to this country, this is what we have to do. So we can see that this event is indeed very meaningful. Moderator: After listening to Mr. Luo's introduction, the meaning of Runze Real Estate being a guest in our Sina guest chat room and participating in our event was brought out. Next, I want to ask Mr. Feng a question. For the past eight years, Runze Real Estate has been adhering to the concept of "honesty and quality first". This coincides with the activities of the "My City, My Home" photo contest. I I think this is also an effect that Runze Real Estate wants to achieve. The picture shows Feng Yi, Executive Vice President of Runze Real Estate Feng Yi: Let me say one thing, a real estate project has gone through a lot of very complicated processes in every link from construction to occupancy. An important point in the transformation of a country is the change of the city. From the perspective of real estate development, the main purpose of each real estate project is to build a house. As long as he wants to build a house, the environment of the area must be improved. The change in the appearance of the city, the first is the house, there are two major factors, the second is the road. The third is greening. Over the years, we have paid more and more attention to this matter. But such a property used to be all dirt roads and no houses. After so many years of our investment, we have reconstructed a total of 8 kilometers of roads, including the roads around us. At the same time, the project itself has 400,000 square meters of social green space, and we have built about 300,000 square meters, which should be said to have played an important role in the improvement of this area. A netizen took a photo, and he excerpted these photos together, which is about our real estate project. The earliest is about farmland, especially in Beiyuan area, not very far from the bird's nest, but no one has ever noticed. It wasn't until last year that it had a hot sale, which made everyone feel that it has changed so much. These are objective changes brought to these regions. We have carried out the construction of the project this year, and it is in time for the 60th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China. At the same time, there is such a photography event led by Leju, which is our fate. We feel very proud to be a part of this event. We've done so much over the years, and of course everyone wants to have the opportunity to show it. In particular, these things can show the changes in our country over the past 60 years, which is also a very happy thing. Therefore, we will actively and enthusiastically participate in the photo contest. It is also very coincidental that our Runze Manor project will also be moved in at the end of June. Now all the houses and roads in the community have been built. I think it will definitely provide photographers with the best way to show their photography skills. of a platform. Moderator: Good. Luo Jun: We can invite some photographers to take a look. Moderator: Next, let me introduce our President Zeng, who is also our partner of "My City, My Home" and the editor-in-chief of "China Photography News". Hello! Mr. Zeng has also given a lot of support to our project since its inception. You are an expert in photography. For example, interpreting the changes of a city and an area should be a very effective way in such an era of group photos. What do you think is the degree of adhesion to the owner when we use a project to interpret an area? The picture shows Zeng Xingming, editor-in-chief of China Photography News/photography expert Zeng Xingming: After 60 years of changes, we are concerned about the changes in people's livelihood and the process of modernization. Clothing, food, housing and transportation, we can see a big concept from "living". From the masses of our motherland to some high-end people, they are very fond of photography. Photography is also developing very fast in China. Through photography, people have a spiritual track while being greatly improved materially. People love to take pictures, both within and across communities. We do this activity can reflect the construction of a harmonious society, is a good way. We are also very honored that we can find such a "live" spot. Maybe it was just a dirt road eight years ago. After eight years, we have had a good change in the living environment, where people's sense of harmony and happiness will be reflected. We record it through photography activities, and look back at some photos taken 60 years ago, which may be a good historical continuation. I find it very meaningful. Luo Jun: I would like to add two more points. The first point, because we live in a very good community, this happiness is worth remembering. Another point is that this happiness can be shared. If in this community, its buildings and landscapes can be shared with others, everyone can feel this happiness. i want to comment