Greentown has achieved sales of more than 10 billion Royal Garden and will become a strategic focus in North China "Will the high debt ratio of Greentown Group (enterprise area, its properties) affect the future development of the company?" "Can Greentown Group insist on 'no price reduction promotion'? Recognized by the market?" "Can Greentown Group successfully repurchase US$400 million in bonds?" There have been many rumors about Greentown Group recently. What opportunities and challenges will this well-known Chinese real estate company face in 2009 to become a leader in the industry and outside the industry? The focus of people's attention. To this end, on May 10th, Greentown Group held the "2009 Spring Shareholders, Media and Financial Institutions Meeting" in the conference hall of Hangzhou Rose Garden (forum photo album model room map search) resort hotel, which attracted Warburg Pincus, Greentown Group shareholders represented by China Asset Management Co., Ltd. and Hong Kong Jinli Real Estate Investment Co., Ltd., financial institutions headed by Deutsche Bank, OCBC Bank, China Merchants Bank, etc., as well as media reporters from all over the country paid strong attention. The Greentown management team, headed by Song Weiping, chairman of Greentown Group, and Shou Bainian, executive vice chairman and general manager of Greentown Group, attended collectively. In response to the issues of concern to the outside world, Greentown Group focused on sales, capital operation, business management, product operation, etc. On the other hand, a comprehensive response has been made, which has kept the scene of the symposium extremely hot. Entering the "Ten Billion Club" in advance Greentown Group broke through. In 2008, when the national property market "price reduction trend" was rampant, Song Weiping, chairman of Greentown Group, once made it clear that he would not cut prices, which has always kept Greentown Group on the cusp of public opinion. In addition, because the sales performance of Greentown Group in the first quarter of 2009 did not meet the expectations of the outside world, the remarks about "Greentown will not follow the decline will pay the price" followed. However, facts speak louder than words. From the beginning of 2009, Greentown Group has made it clear that this year is the "Year of Operation and Management", with the keynote of "steady, active, high-efficiency and excellent performance" as the main keynote, and adjusted the pace of expansion to "achieve strong and lasting sales capabilities, solid and steady sales". The company is committed to building a real estate enterprise with excellent performance and performance. Under the guidance of this corporate strategic plan, Greentown Group's properties all over the country, whether it is ordinary apartments or high-end products, have achieved a comprehensive recovery, showing a hot sales momentum. The city won the sales champion. At this symposium, Cao Zhounan, executive general manager of Greentown Group, announced to the relevant parties about the spring business situation and announced that as of May 9, Greentown’s 48 projects for sale had signed a total of 4,605 sets of contracts, 1,204 sets of agreements, and a total of 1,204 sets of contracts. The sales amounted to 9.86 billion yuan. At the same time, due to the opening of Greentown Shaoxing Magnolia Garden on May 10, Greentown Group achieved sales of 10.056 billion yuan as of 12 noon that day, not only completed the semi-annual sales plan targets ahead of schedule, but also the sales amount increased by 69% year-on-year. Billion Club", ranking fifth among domestic real estate companies. In this regard, Greentown Group said that the company's sales target in 2009 is 20 billion yuan, and strive to achieve 25 billion yuan in annual sales. According to the reporter's understanding, the quarterly report released by Greentown Group in early April showed that the contracted sales amount of Greentown China's 45 projects for sale was only RMB 2.58 billion. This data is far behind the big-name real estate listed companies such as Vanke, R&F Properties (enterprise zone, its properties) and Shimao. In just one month, Greentown's agreement and contract sales soared by 7 billion yuan, which has to be said to be the "myth" of the Chinese property market created by Greentown. In this regard, Greentown Group attributed its hot sales to two reasons: one is that this round of market is a "filling up" for last year, that is, some market demands in 2008 were not met until 2009, and the other reason is that Greentown Group's products Cost-effective, highly recognized by the market. Regarding how Greentown Group achieved the sales target of 20 billion yuan in 2009, Cao Zhounan said that from January to April 2009, Greentown had a total of 15 projects under construction, with a newly started area of 770,000 square meters, an increase of 14% over the original plan, and an increase of 14% over last year. A 38% increase over the same period. It has laid a solid foundation for the current sales performance of 10.056 billion yuan, plus Greentown's next four key projects (Hangzhou Blue Qianjiang Project, which is expected to be listed in mid-May, with 336 units; Wenzhou Lucheng Plaza Project 2 , Building 3, 148 sets are put forward; Beijing Yuyuan (forum photo album apartment type model room map search) project, 41 sets put forward; Shanghai Huangpu Bay project, 176 sets put forward), according to the conservative market price at present It is estimated that these 4 key projects can bring about 5 billion yuan in sales to Greentown, so it is relatively “spectacular” to achieve the annual sales target of 20 billion yuan. In addition, with the overall recovery of the sales of various projects for sale, Greentown hopes to sprint the sales target of 25 billion yuan in 2009. In this regard, people in the industry have said that under the influence of the "international financial tsunami", housing companies across the country have held high the banner of "price reduction", hoping to win the attention of buyers through preferential promotions, so as to complete the company's established annual sales targets. However, Greentown Group has taken a different approach and advocated "no price reduction", always adhered to quality and value, and always respected and safeguarded the interests of old customers, thus fostering customers' loyalty to Greentown's quality and brand, and finally won the market recognition, but also for China's real estate The "sustainable" development path of enterprises provides a model that can be used for reference. Perfectly resolves the "bond gate" and releases a signal of transformation According to the annual report released by Greentown China Holdings Co., Ltd. (HK3900) on April 27, due to the slowdown in sales and financing of new projects, the gearing ratio soared from 88.2% at the end of 2007 to 2008. The total debt was 16.1 billion yuan, while the net profit was 540 million yuan, a year-on-year decrease of 41.5%, which caused the market to speculate on the tightness of its capital chain. In this regard, Song Weiping said that in the course of 15 years of development, Greentown Group has maintained a high debt ratio. When Greentown was listed in Hong Kong in 2006, its debt ratio was as high as 400%. He believes that the key is that as long as there are good projects that can be quickly realized, there will be no break in the capital chain. "As long as you have money, buy land and convert it into good products." In addition to insisting on acquiring land to develop boutique housing products, Greentown Group has frequently attacked the capital market since 2009, whether it is early redemption of high-interest bills , or the project equity replacement, the implementation of real estate investment fund trust plans and other measures have won high attention from all walks of life in the market. Many industry insiders even pointed out that this is a bailout for Greentown Group facing a shortage of funds. "The financial crisis in 2008 had a great impact on all major industries. In 2009, when Greentown recovered its high-interest debt, many people were still worried about Greentown. Facing everyone's concern, we are willing to communicate, we need A sincere talk." Song Weiping, chairman of Greentown Group, made the above remarks at the meeting held by Greentown Group on May 10. According to the reporter's understanding, the reason why Greentown Group has made frequent moves in the capital market recently is to realize the upgrade from product to management path, in order to create a "parallel model of real estate development and asset management". To this end, since 2009, Greentown has continued to maintain the credit relationship with the four major state-owned banks, and strived to expand cooperation with other major commercial banks. So far, it has obtained more than 20 billion yuan of credit lines from state-owned and commercial banks. This greatly guarantees the company's future liquidity, and builds a safety dam to ensure the stable operation of cash flow to ensure the stable development of the company. At the same time, on April 14, Greentown joined hands with Bank of Commerce and China Overseas Trust Co., Ltd. to jointly initiate the establishment of the China Shipping Greentown No. 1 Real Estate Investment Fund Trust Plan with a total scale of RMB 2 billion. The purpose of launching the real estate investment trust fund this time is to use the excellent professional management ability and brand influence of Greentown Group to build a trust financial platform, and make more in-depth exploration and practice in the financial field of the business model of management output and brand output. And gradually formed the company's real estate development and real estate management parallel development management model. In this regard, industry insiders have expressed that this is a new attempt by Greentown to transform from a pure real estate developer to a professional real estate manager. In addition, on April 21, Greentown issued another announcement to redeem in advance a high-interest note due in 2013 of US$400 million at a 15% discount. In this regard, Song Weiping said that the early redemption of this high-interest note is not to reduce Greentown's debt ratio, but to remove the "stumbling block" that Greentown is playing in the financial field, because after the debt of the note is cleared, Greentown is raising funds. will gain greater flexibility. In this regard, Vivien Gui, deputy head of Morgan Stanley's Asia Pacific Fixed Income Department, said, "Greentown's repurchase of bonds will release the company's future stable operations. Once the bill debt is cleared, Greentown will gain greater flexibility in raising funds." On May 5th, Greentown China successfully repurchased 90% of the total face value of bonds without any suspense, and began to walk on two legs instead of walking on one leg - a brand new "professional real estate developer + professional real estate investment manager". journey. Optimistic about the real estate trend in 2009, stressing that "the scars are healed and the pain is forgotten." Under the influence of the spring of the property market, the real estate market across the country has shown a hot trend of "both supply and demand". Song Weiping also expressed his opinion on the trend of the Chinese real estate market in 2009. Expressing optimism, he believes that this round of market can last at least until the end of the year. The reason why Song Weiping is optimistic about the prospects of the property market is that since the second quarter of 2009, Greentown's real estate projects, ranging from ordinary apartments to high-end properties, have been selling well. In Hangzhou, the base camp of Greentown, sales have experienced rapid growth recently, and the sales of projects such as Emerald City (forum photo album apartment model model room map search), Tulip Bank, and Lanting are in good shape. Especially the Lijiang apartment project located in the Jiubao block of Hangzhou, due to the impact of the price reduction caused by the project in the same block in 2008, the sales of Lijiang apartments were weak for a time. Under the huge pressure of price cuts in the surrounding competitive real estate, Lijiang Apartment still impresses buyers with its excellent quality. As of May 9, Lijiang Apartment has added 442 new agreements and contracts this year, with an amount of 580 million yuan. Not only has it become the sales champion in the real estate in the same area, but also ranked among Hangzhou City during the "May 1st" period. Top three in the real estate sales rankings. Meanwhile, Greentown's high-end property sales also performed well. According to statistics, for villas and mansions with an average transaction price of more than 20,000 yuan per square meter, the new agreement and contract value exceeded 3 billion yuan by May 9, accounting for 47% of the new agreement and contract value of Greentown in the same period. %. Taking Wenzhou Lucheng Square as an example, the 100-million-dollar mansion in Building No. 1, Phase II of Jinyuyuan, which opened on April 30, was all sold out on the same day. In addition, in Beijing, another ten million-level high-end property owned by Greentown, Beijing Royal Garden, was officially booked on April 10, and the total amount of the housing agreement and contract it pushed reached 770 million yuan; , Each villa with an average transaction price of about 20 million yuan sold a total of 13 sets, with an amount of 280 million yuan. While making an optimistic judgment on the market, Song Weiping proposed that a variable that affects the market is price. "Don't forget the pain when you heal the scar, blindly increase the price, and destroy the current balance." He believes that price increases must be careful. , it is reasonable to increase house prices by 3%-5% this year, and the maximum cannot exceed 10%. Digestion of inventory is the key. He assured that there must be no Greentown projects in the first round of price increases to promote the sustainable development of the property market. Luo Zhaoming's official debut in Greentown's Beijing market will account for 30% of the group's share. On May 10, at the media conference held by Greentown Group, in addition to Song Weiping, the chairman of Greentown Group, who became the focus of attention, Luo Zhaoming, who had been quite low-key before, also won the attracted great attention from all walks of life. At this meeting, Shou Bainian, executive vice chairman and general manager of Greentown Group, officially announced to the media for the first time that Luo Zhaoming has joined Greentown and will serve as vice chairman. This is also the first time for Luo Zhaoming to make an official appearance as the third largest shareholder of Greentown Group. He will be in charge of Greentown's northern area and Anhui market, mainly in Beijing. In the future, he will also be in charge of Jiangsu, Xinjiang and other regions. Talking about the reasons for joining Greentown, Luo Zhaoming said that there are three reasons: one is to recognize Greentown's values and concepts, the other is to think that Greentown is a very good and potential platform, and the third is to respect President Song. According to the reporter's understanding, Luo Zhaoming has successively served as the general manager of Beijing Friendship Huizhi Real Estate Development Co., Ltd., the general manager of Beijing Xianghai Exhibition Real Estate Development Co., Ltd., the managing director of Beijing Science and Technology Park Real Estate Co., Ltd., and the president of Beijing Xiangjiang International Development Co., Ltd. The main working experience is in Beijing. According to Luo Zhaoming's work experience and Greentown Group's arrangement for the operation and management of the northern area, there are indications that Greentown will expand its influence in northern China, and its preferred target is of course the core of the northern area - Beijing. In fact, this is indeed the case. At the symposium, Luo Zhaoming publicly stated in a "low-key" manner that he had promised Song Weiping that he would make the Beijing company's sales account for 30% of Greentown Group's total sales within three years. Those who are familiar with Greentown know that with the large proportion of Hangzhou, the base camp, in Greentown, Luo Zhaoming's "commitment" is definitely very important. From another point of view, if Luo Zhaoming really does this, it means that Greentown will go to a new level in terms of development scale. Luo Zhaoming joined Greentown and shoulders the important task of Song Weiping's ambition to enter the top five or even top three national housing companies within a few years.