Freshly released: Interpretation of the latest policy on independent skilled immigration 2009-10 Budget announced priorities to implement January 1, 2009 will remain in place, the 2009-10 skilled immigration program, which has a ceiling of 108 100 places. This will ensure that employer-sponsored and government-funded visas continue to be fast-tracked and will continue to the national team. The CSL Corporation will continue to seek immigration to Australia for those individuals without a sponsor. These arrangements ensure that only those with job opportunities or skills urgently needed will be prioritized in the current economic climate. In addition to these priorities, the government has also announced a tightening of occupations in non-sponsored independent skilled pathway industries. 1. The English threshold will be raised to 5 to 6 in the IELTS test, which means they will need to demonstrate a competent level of English. The change will apply to those applying from 1 July 2009 from sea and those applying from shore 1 January 2010. 2. The employment readiness test will be based on onshore applicants, and applicants who meet the test • will be arranged for overseas applicants. This will ensure the applicant's skills requirements. This change will apply to people applying from shore from 1 January 2010. These two measures recognize that skilled immigrants in the future to compete through non-sponsored pathways must arrive in the local labor market (hence the need for higher language skills) and have demonstrated that their skills are required. Please note that under priority arrangements, occupations with reduced trade level will be granted visas in 2009-10. All of these changes are in line with the government's long-term goal of shifting to a balanced skilled migration program. Historically, employer-sponsored and government-sponsored streams of skilled immigrant programs collectively account for only 20 to 25 percent of skilled immigrant programs while the majority enter through non-sponsored independent skilled streams. The government has tried to change this balance. In the 2008-09 Skilled Migration Program, employer-sponsored and government-funded streams will represent 43 percent of visa grants. In the 2009-10 Skilled Migration Program, it is likely that these two sponsored streams will approach 50 percent of visa grants, with a corresponding decline in non-sponsored visa grants. 2009-2010 independent skilled immigration processing priority, will follow the way announced on January 1, 2009, state government guarantee and employer guarantee, and CSL list occupations will be the highest priority batch, but the number of immigrants will be limited to 108,000 About a thousand and one. In addition to the prioritization, the government has also announced a series of requirements for non-guaranteed independent skilled immigrant skilled occupations: 1. The English IELTS requirement will be increased from 5 to 6. This change will take the lead on July 1, 2009. Applied to applications submitted overseas and will be applied to domestic applications on January 1, 2010. 2. Domestic applications submitted from January 1, 2010 must pass the work preparatory examination, which has been widely used in applications submitted overseas. The purpose of this test is also to ensure that the applicant truly possesses the appropriate skills for the nominated occupation. The Bureau of Immigration also announced that in 2009-2010, the number of visas for independent skilled migrants who are not sponsored skilled workers will be less than in the past.