According to the "Daily Telegraph" report, the latest research shows that dogs not only become smarter by getting along with people, but also learn to judge Right or wrong. It has always been a controversial idea that dogs judge right from wrong. But "New Scientist" magazine reports that because people always choose dogs that are smarter and easier to communicate with each other, such dogs have been reproduced from generation to generation and now seem to have a limited "mind", and this ability Allows researchers to understand the thoughts, motivations and intentions of other pets. Owners say their precious pets have pain, excitement and other "feelings" that humanize them. But 10 years ago, many scientists would have scoffed at this claim. But recent findings presented at the inaugural Canine Forum in Budapest, Hungary, challenge their dismissiveness, with a new theory supporting the idea that the descendants of these gray wolves developed cognitively by getting along with people. Significantly improved. Ludwig Huber and colleagues at the University of Vienna conducted a special experiment to explore cognition in canines. In this typical experiment, dogs were with children. Meanwhile, a teacher showed a toddler how to turn off the lights with his forehead. The first time I turned off the lights, I used my hands, but the second time my hands were entangled in a scarf, I couldn't turn off the lights, I could only use my forehead. Then, when the teacher asked the children to turn off the lights, the first group of toddlers used their foreheads and the second group used their hands. The teacher gave the first group the feeling that although they did not know why the teacher did not use his hands, it would be beneficial to turn off the lights by not using them, otherwise the teacher would definitely turn off the lights with his hands. As a result, the dogs did the same thing in Huber's experiment, where they had to pull down a lever to be rewarded. The findings support the idea that dogs have not yet fully developed "minds". Dogs also have a moral compass so they can survive in complex human societies, said Mark Bekoff, a professor at the University of Colorado in Boulder. These animals stick to principles and expect their companions to do the same. In other words, they can tell right from wrong. Dr. Friedrich Lange of the University of Vienna in Austria has found in experiments that one dog accepts a treat while another refuses, suggesting they still have a sense of justice. "Dogs resent unfairness. I don't like to call it sense of justice, but others may think so," Rangi said. Barking is rare among dingoes, which means The ability for dogs to talk to humans evolved in domestication. His research team found that a computer program could understand the purpose of a dog's attempts to communicate with a human and also discern the purpose of a pet's barking. In an experiment conducted by Mirai Honda of Kyoto University in Japan, he played pre-recorded sounds made by male and female dogs to dogs, and each time the recording was played, there was a photo of a human face. If the gender and voice shown on the face didn't match, the dogs started barking, indicating that the image wasn't what they expected. In addition, there is evidence that they are trained to communicate emotionally with humans. Julianne Kamiski of the University of Cambridge explained where dogs can use human cues such as pointing and staring to hide food or toys, and concluded that dogs understand what humans are trying to tell them. She told New Scientist: "It seems that domestication makes dogs smarter in a way, allowing them to use simple expressions within six weeks."