e-Stars2009 Seoul E-Sports Festival Press Conference Report - A global game event, exciting game activities, e-Stars Seoul2009 was held at SETEC from July 24th to 26th - the confrontation of the strongest professional players in the history of StarCraft, "StarCraft The release of the Heritage" competition and the draw match-CJ internet's Raid and Yedang Online's Audition became the official projects of the Asian Champions Cup-In order to reduce youth unemployment and increase social welfare, a donation ceremony was held between Seoul City and Windysoft Seoul City (city Chang Oh Se-hoon) and Joongang Ilbo (representative of Song Bi-ho) announced the official launch of "Seoul International e-Sports Festival 2009 (e-Stars Seoul 2009)" on March 24. e-Stars Seoul 2009, aimed at stimulating e-sports activities and prospering the development of the domestic game industry, is a global digital cultural event. This is the 3rd time since it opened in 2007. This year, it will be held at the Seoul International Trade and Exhibition Center (SETEC) from July 24th to 26th, in cooperation with the Joongang Ilbo. This conference includes the most popular star competition in Korea - Starcraft Hertige. Ten of the strongest players in history, including Lin, Cui Ranxing, and Park Zhengshi, will start a battle of stardom. The "Intercontinental Cup", which was originally adopted internationally, is a competition between the Asian group and the European and American groups. In this conference, the outstanding Korean games "Raid" and "Audience", which are operated in more than 3 countries in the world, are designated as "Asian Champions Cup" projects. At the same time, another highlight of this event is to hold a "Windizone ultra Lan Party", the largest in Korea, aimed at alleviating youth unemployment and increasing social welfare. During the event period, a game industry-academic center that integrates game history, game and IT-related disciplines will be launched, and various game events will be held in the event area where various games are played? ; e-Party. The launching ceremony will introduce e-Stars Seoul 2009 as the opening event, and then hold the qualifiers in May and June, until the finals in July, and then release the most powerful thing "Starcraft Hertige" in the history of star competition, And hold the drawing ceremony of the match table and the handover ceremony of Windisoft donation for the purpose of social welfare. During January and February, Seoul City conducted a rigorous review of Korean-made games operating in more than three countries around the world, and finally selected "CJ Internet" and "Yedang Online" as the games. The official project of the Asian Champions Cup, and the establishment ceremony was held. "Raid" is one of the most popular FPS games, with a record of 230,000 concurrent users in Korea. Has formed a wide range of game fans. And already has a domestic e-sports league in Korea. "Audio Troupe" is a game based on dancing. It is the most popular among the descendants of the 1990s. Because of its simple operation method and diverse styles, it has been enthusiastically sought after by players. e-Stars Seoul 2009 announced the Starcraft Hertige. The purpose of this event is to review the 10-year history of Korean e-sports and look forward to the future development of e-sports, supported by the Korea E-sports Association. In this Starcraft Heritage competition, among the professional players registered before 2005, Lin (SlayerS_`BoxeR), Cui Ranxing (iloveoov), Park Zhengshi ([Oops]Reach), Lee Yoon Yeol([ReD]NaDa), Jae Yoon(sAviOr[gm]), Hong Jin Ho(YellOw), Kang?(Nal_rA), Park Wook(Kingdom), ?Young?(AnyTime..[gm]), Xu Zhixiu (ToSsGirL) and other 10 players. They will all be present at the kick-off ceremony and participate in the draw against the draw. The total prize money for this event is 40 million KRW. Group trials will be held from July 1st to 24th at the Yongsan iParkMall e-sports arena, SETEC Hall 1, and the league and finals will be held during the e-Stars Seoul 2009 event. At the same time, 10 million won of the prize money will be donated to the Career Creation Center of the Seoul Welfare Foundation as a donation to increase employment opportunities for youth. In addition, in the battle of the strongest player in the history, you can see it every 10 years: the battle between Lin and Cui Ran, the battle between Lin and Hong Zhenhao, and the battle with Seo Ji-soo. The battle between men and women, this is definitely not available in the next 10 years, and it is expected to be a classic duel. At today's launching ceremony, Shen Yibao, representative director of the Seoul Institute of Industrial Technology Promotion, Ding Qingwen, representative of Central Entertainment & Sports, Choi Wonjae, director of the Korea E-Sports Association, Choi Guinam, president of the Korea Game Industry Promotion Institute, and Kim Jung-ho, president of the Korea Game Industry Association Representatives of the organizers, as well as representatives of game development agencies were present to congratulate the first step of e-Stars Seoul 2009. Seoul Mayor Oh Se-hoon said, "This conference will serve as a stepping stone for the development of domestic games to globalization. It will form a new 'e-Road' that will benefit from the global industry chain with culture as the core.