"Newsweek" cover article: Reasonable solution to the Iranian nuclear issue This "Newsweek" cover article was written by CNN reporter Fareed Zakaria. Just after Iran flouted the wishes of the international community and the outside world demanded stricter sanctions against Iran, or even resorted to force, Zakaria proposed a completely different solution to the problem. He believes that the least expensive and most effective way is to contain it, and any excesses will not help solve the problem. Now is the time to clarify discussions about Iran and its nuclear program. It is not difficult to criticize the policies adopted by the United States and its allies; it is not difficult to exaggerate Iranian lies and detail the loopholes in existing sanctions. Critics, however, are more eager to slam the current administration for weakness, without any meaningful solution, as to what the U.S. should do below. When it comes to Iran, now is the time to act or shut up. The United States and its allies have three basic options for dealing with Iran's nuclear program: resolve it by force, maintain diplomatic engagement with it, or contain and deter the threat it poses. Zakaria explains below why he prefers the option of containing and deterring its threat. Iran's nuclear ambitions and nuclear proliferation in the Middle East are indeed a dangerous issue. Iranian foreign policy makes it a factor in regional stability. It supports armed and terrorist groups in the region. But like every country in the world, Iran has the right to use nuclear energy peacefully. The Iraqi government has also signed the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty, which allows the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) to monitor. However, the IAEA alleges that Iran has been deceitful and uncooperative in relation to its nuclear program for the next 20 years, including lying about its motives, blocking and hiding the sites of its nuclear facilities. Therefore, there is reason to doubt Iran's nuclear intentions and to ask the IAEA to conduct verification. Unless it does so, Iran should pay the price for its actions. Washington's current strategy is to assemble more global support for Iran to pay more, while negotiating with Iran to find a reassuring solution that will make the world feel that its nuclear program is indeed civilian. But it's a frustrating and unattainable path. Russia and China want to maintain trade relations with Iran and will not agree to sanctions that would collapse Iran’s economy (nor will other major developing countries such as India and Brazil). Even if some resolutions can be obtained, they still rely on the verification of Iran. The Iranians may hide some content to deceive the inspectors. Iran has also made occasional concessions, including last week's opening to inspectors of newly disclosed nuclear facilities in the Qom region, as well as shipments of uranium material destined for Russia for enrichment. But there will be setbacks ahead, and the cat-and-mouse game will continue. The only immediate gratification for critics of current policy is military action. The United States or Israel could carry out a military strike against Iran from the air. Such an attack may be difficult to achieve the intended purpose. Iran's nuclear facilities are hidden in the mountains, and there must be places unknown to outsiders. However, the first thing that comes after the military attack is the moral support of the Iranian regime. This usually occurs when a country is attacked by a foreign military force, no matter how unpopular the regime may be. The Iranian regime was in deep trouble in the 1980s, with a lot of internal strife and a lot of discontent. But when Saddam in Iraq attacked Iran, it was like a shot in the arm for Iran. Another example is that the Bush administration's approval rating was only 40% before the 9/11 attack on the United States, but it soared to 93% after 9/11. Some Iranian dissidents said that if a foreign country attacks Iran, it will only cause everyone to support the current regime. This is the worst possible outcome of turning a purpose in the opposite direction. Iran's opposition, presidential candidate Mousavi also warned that tougher sanctions would only hurt ordinary people and turn people against the United States, not the current regime. Iran reacts when faced with a military offensive. In fact, they may provide more funding to the armed forces of neighboring countries, more arms to Afghanistan and Iraq, and even Lebanon and Gaza. People who see Iran as evil and powerful and manipulating terrorist groups in the region should also accept the logic that an attack on Iran would further increase tensions in all regions it affects. At the same time, military action has incidental political consequences. The U.S.-Israeli military action will surely put the Islamic world’s support for the U.S. in trouble, make Hamas and other militant groups happy, and give terrorists a pretext for a new round of recruiting. Whatever Washington may say, this will only be the third Muslim country the US has invaded in the eight years since 9/11. Defense Secretary Gates believes that the benefits of a military offensive could delay Iran's nuclear program by a few years, rather than end it. The Iranian regime has petrodollars and, with more national support and determination, will only allow it to rebuild nuclear facilities soon. This is why the choice of military action outweighs the gains. In addition, there have been completely different solutions to Iran's nuclear program. The strategy of engaging with Iran is based on the fact that the United States has never really understood what Iran cares about, and has never had a good faith negotiation with the current regime. This policy recognizes that Iran does have legitimate security concerns, namely that hundreds of thousands of US troops are stationed near its border; Washington has never concealed its intention to overthrow the current regime; CIA funding for organizations seeking to overthrow the current regime, etc. Washington did not respond after Iran's gesture to suspend uranium enrichment for two years. The U.S. support for Saddam during the Iran-Iraq war naturally casts an unpleasant shadow in the minds of current Iranian leaders, many of whom participated in the Iran-Iraq war. Because of this, Washington needs to be more proactive in its engagement with Iran, listening to and responding to Iranians, allaying their misgivings, ending the policy of changing regimes in Iran, and showing a commitment to recognizing the Islamic Republic and Real hope of normalizing relations with the United States. If the United States reduces the concerns and concerns of the Iranians, the Iranian government is more likely to cooperate with the United States on its nuclear program. However, Zakaria does not believe that the current Iraqi regime really wants to normalize relations with the United States. Western isolation and hostility to the United States are the fundamental pillars underpinning the current regime and the reason why the current system of government keeps functioning and maintaining. This is by no means a simple ideological issue, but an economic one. Iran is a closed economy, and powerful institutions can benefit from a closed economy. Increased trade and commerce, as well as opening to the outside world, will only increase civil society awareness, the nation's ability to trade, student insight, and strength against the current regime. The U.S. has apologized for its role in the 1953 coup, offered Iraq a conciliatory hand and offered broader negotiations. However, every time Iran always rejects the US reconciliation proposal on the grounds that the time is inappropriate, the wording is inappropriate, or the proposal is insufficient. The United States has in fact entered a period of definite and feasible response to Iran's nuclear program, and its policy includes containment and deterrence. Iran's growing power has alerted the Arab world, and some countries in the region have developed closer ties, including military ties, with the United States. European countries are very concerned about the proliferation of nuclear weapons, and they are incensed by Iran's deception and obstruction of verification. They have been engaged in a more serious struggle with Iran over the nuclear program in recent years, and have imposed stricter financial sanctions on power groups in Iran. Russia and China, which are struggling to maintain relations with Iran, are no longer willing to turn a deaf ear to the threat of nuclear proliferation and provocation of UN resolutions. Both countries have allowed some action against the current regime in Iran. The above means that Iran has become an alternative to the international community, and there is no larger stage for activities in the world. It is a country in a deep seal. Done right, it can stay the same until the current regime becomes more transparent and cooperative on nuclear issues. All that needs to be done now is to maintain existing sanctions without adding broader sanctions like the imposition of a gasoline embargo. The United States should consider putting pressure on the current regime in more ways. One should consider building an organization that aggregates and makes decisions by neighboring countries threatened by Iran. The United States should also further align the interests of modern Arab states with those of Israel. This is one of the strategic steps to benefit the regional environment. It is clear that Iran would be concerned about such a potential alliance, which is why Ahmadinejad has worked so hard to present himself as a leading voice in support of the Arab-Palestinian cause. By whitewashing Hitler's Holocaust and showing his support for the Palestinians, he is trying to make it harder for Saudi leaders to stand effectively in Israel's anti-Iranian stance. The United States should not exaggerate the Iranian threat. Doing so would only provide free propaganda for Iran's bragging rights. This is an unreliable third world country that has alienated most of its neighbors and has a miserable image on the world stage. Its raids in Iraq, Afghanistan, Lebanon and Gaza have had mixed results, where locals are wary of Iranians trying to control them. Iran doesn't have any nuclear weapons yet, but if it does, the world won't die. The Middle East has been the epicenter of nuclear weapons for decades. If Israel's arsenal of about 200 nuclear warheads, including a second-strike capability, has not yet inspired Egypt to develop its own nuclear weapons, it is uncertain whether an Iranian nuclear bomb will spark a wave of development. What's more, Israel's massive nuclear force will act as a deterrent to Iran's desire to use a nuclear bomb. The Iraqi regime has shown well over the past four months that it is interested in maintaining power at all costs, including throwing mullahs in jail and dismissing its own religious elite. These are not the actions that religious rulers take when they want to engage in mass self-destruction. The United States should not be worried about negotiating with such a regime. The United States is still negotiating with the Soviet Union as it pursues a broader policy of containing the Soviet Union. But negotiations with Iran should not involve eventual normalization of relations, or sanctions. Unless there is a fundamental shift in Iran's attitude towards the world, there will be no mutually beneficial integration into today's world. The solution to the Iran problem ultimately rests with the Iranian regime, one that understands that the country has more to gain from embracing the modern world. This means that Iran is willing to open up and increase transparency, and to demonstrate the purpose of peaceful use of nuclear energy. It sees trade and engagement with the West as a normal act of mutual benefit, not a threat. It will also bring Iran back to its historic role in commerce as one of the most trade-savvy nations in history, a place where cultures meet a dizzying mix of art, architecture, poets and writers. There are obvious divisions in Iran, and it is difficult to disappear. Timothy Garton Ash, a British wise man, commented on the situation in Iran that while there is a physical role in diplomacy, there is also a chemical role in politics. But in the end it is internal chemistry, and any actions and counter-movements in Iraq will shock outsiders. Iran may someday appear as a thriving nation whose regime wants to communicate with the modern world. Until then, all outsiders should follow the strategy of keeping the Iraqi regime calm and peaceful. (East Anhui)