Shoot the iron and be fooled by the defense! The Thunder's third-year-old contract renewal is purely self-inflicted Sina Sports News Beijing time on November 5th, the Blazers ushered in the Thunder at home, this game is also two potential forwards Jeff Green and LaMarcus Aldridge The direct dialogue of whoever is better can also be reflected in this game. In the end, the Thunder beat the Blazers 107-106, but Green's performance was not as gratifying as the result. In fact, the difference between the two can also be seen from the attitudes of their respective teams towards them. Aldridge won the team's $65 million contract extension as early as last year, while Green, who entered the NBA a year later, has so far failed to recognized by the team. This difference was also reflected in today's game. Aldridge scored 14 points on 7 of 9 shots in the first half. With Marcus Camby on the defensive end, Aldridge knew very well that he was in the Blazers' position. tactical role. Green, on the other hand, scored only 9 points on 3-of-7 shooting in the first half, and was not even as good as Durant in rebounding. Green's problem was most vividly shown in an offense at the end of the first half. After receiving the pass, he advanced to the three-point line and did not choose to enter the inside line. Instead, he played with his back at a high position and missed a jumper. This type of attack is obviously not what he is good at, and the mistakes in the attack selection can only show that Green is immature. This unwise offensive choice is obviously the main reason why Green's shooting percentage and three-point shooting rate have dropped significantly this season compared to last season, and this is also the key to the Thunder's inability to sign a contract extension with confidence. In the final quarter, Green once again showed an immature side in the game. When the Thunder generals were trying to tie the score, Roy deliberately broke through and made a foul. It was Green who was defending him, but Green failed to see Roy's true intention at the first time, and gave Roy two free throws for free. . Of course, Roy did not miss the opportunity to help the Blazers regain the lead again. It can be said that this ball is very crucial for the Thunder. The entire team has a very good defense and has a very good chance to get the score to overtake. However, as the last link of defense, Green made a wrong choice. On the other hand, the Blazers’ offense was before. At the end of the tactical execution, Aldridge was forced to catch the ball at a high position. He made a jump shot in an unfamiliar spot with unusual calmness, showing his all-around demeanor. In overtime, Green was basically silent, which was very close to his overall game style. The Thunder's final victory was mainly due to the credit of his teammates. So, even though Green's numbers in the last two years are good, that doesn't mean he's a stable and mature player. If he can't make a significant improvement in his offensive options and defensive quality this season, then Aldridge will only be able to appreciate the treatment he's enjoying. (XWT185)