North American Box Office Review: "Robot Wall-E" (with photos) The world-leading attitude of the highest animation has gracefully ascended to the altar - not only continued Pixar's invincible myth, but also caused sleepless nights due to the failure of the local release of "The Chronicles of Narnia 2: Prince Caspian". Disney breathed a sigh of relief. "Wanted", which is regarded as its competitor and Angelina Jolie's yoga waist in the trailer, also far exceeded expectations, and successfully occupied the second place in the shadow of "Robot". Thanks to the traction of the two powerhouses, the North American market also seems to have been injected with a stimulant. The total of the Top 12 is as high as 179 million US dollars, an increase of nearly 30% compared with the previous weekend, far ahead of the 147 million US dollars when "Ratatouille" reached its peak in the same period last year; it also set a film history in the weekend in June, second only to "Haha" Leigh Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban is the second-highest ever at $183 million (the first weekend of June 2004). The North American film market's total sales of $4.666 billion this year are also ahead of 2004 and 2007 again. The topic of "2008 Summer Box Office Prediction" is coming to the ninth issue this week, but the content is relatively simple, nothing more than how much the champion "Hancock" can sweep next week. "2009 Oscar Front" is going on to the 18th and 19th issue, the former will share with you "The chairman of the jury of the 65th Venice Film Festival is not Meryl Streep as rumored before, but Wim Wenders..." various new gossip. The latter will give you an overview of the three recent Oscar highlights, briefly talking about the reform of the judging system, a partial list of new members, and the official launch of next year's Best Foreign Language Film Award. In the first 30 minutes without a line, it shocked the world again (93 points in the media review!) "Robot Wall-E" with an average score of 15,650$ in a single hall, raked in 62.5 million$ in 3,992 movie theaters, and the industry expected 6,000$ The $10,000 is basically the same, surpassing the $60.24 million earlier in "Kung Fu Panda", which is regarded as a strong enemy. The 3,992 theaters are also the third largest in the history of Disney's distribution after the last two "Pirates of the Caribbean" and the largest in the history of Pixar's animation distribution. 17th in the movie scale. As for the box office data, it is: the first in the history of the premiere of "Sci-Fi Cartoons" in the history of movies (the second is Fox's "Robot Adventures"); second only to "Transformers", in the history of movies "with intelligent robots as the protagonists" "The Movie" premiered second in history; second only to "Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban", ranked second in the history of movie premieres in June; second only to "Finding Nemo" " and "Monster Company", ranking third in the history of G-level film premieres in film history; if "The Incredibles" is added to the above ranking, "Robot Wall-E" ranks fourth in the history of "Pixar Animation" premieres in film history. If the last two "Shrek" and "Ice Age 2" are added to the above ranking, "Robot Wall-E" ranks seventh in the history of "CG animation" premieres; With the addition of "The Simpsons", "Wall-E-Robot" ranks 8th in the history of animation premieres in the history of movies; in addition, the $23.1 million on Friday's premiere day is second only to "Shrek 3" and "The Simpsons", It ranks third in the history of the movie's premiere day and 37th in the history of the movie's premiere day. ... ——It should be said that this is a rather gratifying achievement. Especially after the over-exploitation of "Iron Man" and "Indiana Jones 4: Kingdom of the Crystal Skull", the two $300 million masterpieces, and after the harvest of "Kung Fu Panda" approached $180 million, "Robot Wall-E" is still from CG It is not easy to squeeze so much people's fat and people's cream from the soil where the nutrients are not sufficient and the purchasing power is not abundant. But it must be admitted that under the high pressure of the production fee of 180 million US dollars and the excellent reputation of the 93-point media comprehensive review, the 62.5 million US dollars of "Robot" is not satisfactory. Although "Ratatouille" once again announced to the industry the unshakable status of Pixar with the Oscar for best animated feature film at the beginning of the year, since "Finding Nemo", "The Incredibles", "Cars", "Ratatouille" The situation of declining income is undeniable, especially the performance of "Ratatouille" barely breaking through the $200 million level in China is the most eye-catching. Therefore, it is basically a foregone conclusion that the high-profile opening figure of 62.5 million US dollars and the North American box office breakthrough of 200 million US dollars are basically a foregone conclusion. As for the marketing curve with “Friday>Saturday>Sunday” with insufficient stamina on the three days of the weekend, don’t worry too much, mainly because next week’s Independence Day (July 4th) falls on Friday, causing many companies, The institution's consecutive vacation period settings have been adjusted accordingly, making overtime this weekend a common phenomenon. This may not have much impact on old films (but except for "Indiana Jones 4: Kingdom of the Crystal Skull", the top 10 old films all rose less than 33.3% on Saturday, which is not difficult to see abnormal...) , the negative effect on the new film is very obvious: "Robot Wall-E" for all age groups and "Wanted", the runner-up for the young male audience market, are no different (however, the latter is estimated to be "weekly" even on average weekends. Five>Saturday>Sunday" trend starts). Let's take a look at the "Wanted" of this cheese that moves "Robot Wall-E". With a single average of about $16,100 exceeding the rival's, this film harvested $51.12 million at the premiere box office in 3,175 cinemas: second only to "After Tomorrow", ranking second in the history of "non-champion premiere box office" in film history ; Second only to the last two "The Bourne", ranking third in the history of "killer/assassin movies" in film history; second only to "The Matrix 2: Revolution", "The Passion of Christ", "Spartan 300 Warriors" ", "Hanibal", "Sex and the City", "8 Mile", ranked the seventh in the history of "R-rated films" premiered in the history of film; Works" ranked 15th and 16th in the two rankings. Compared with the embarrassment of Dugu Qiuqiu of the Pixar camp "success is like a habit, and high-quality products are only normal", director Timor Bekmambetov, who created the box office record in Russian film history with "Night Watchman" and "Sun Watcher" The box-office success can be called a real surprise. After all, "Wanted" is different from the "Harry Potter" series that "will be a hit no matter what" that Alfonso Cuaron took over. Coupled with the unfavorable attributes of R-level, the premiere that exceeded $50 million is definitely well-deserved "Breakthrough". It should be said that the R-class not only did not restrain the hands and feet of the genius Bek Mambatov, but also helped him to show off his "exclusive violent image" that was different from the first-line Hollywood masterpieces, thus giving this film the same relationship as "Spartan". 300 Warriors has the same appeal, and male audiences naturally flock to it. Presumably Angelina Jolie herself did not expect that the "Wanted" concocted by the Russian stranger, who gave in on the set and promised her "increase the sex scene with James McAvoy", actually made her "Wanted". Mr. and Mrs. Smith's $50.34 million individual starring premiere record is underfoot ("Kung Fu Panda" declined to participate in the commentary because of the dubbing...). From an objective point of view, Julie's strong demonic aura in the trailer really played a role similar to the glamorous Spartan priestess in "300". Not only that, it is inferred from the audience's reaction that Julie's "ruthless femme fatale" route is more in line with the public's aesthetic taste - not only surpassing her CG banshee shape in the "Beowulf" era, but also arousing a sense of love. "Tomb Raider" and "Mrs. & Mrs. Smith" fond memories of the "days" of the fans. James McAvoy, who was forced to sleep with her on the set because of her lustful power, must be elated now, right? Although the half-goat character was eliminated by "The Chronicles of Narnia 2: Prince Caspian" "more than 1,300 years later", another big-selling image of his own has just been released! Grandpa Morgan Freeman is also quite amazing. On the one hand, he took the role of Nelson Mandela, who is expected to hit the Oscars again. On the other hand, he has been constantly lingering on various commercial films from good to bad. Fangxiu Road is worthy of being a monument of African American actors and even Hollywood as a whole. Last week's champion "Confused Detective" retreated to the second spot under the attack of two armies. Although the 48.3% drop was not satisfactory for a comedy, the second week's result of $20 million was still enough to make Steve Carell. After recovering from the after-effects of "Fake Tenshen 2" in the summer vacation, I will wait for it to break through the $100 million mark. However, "Master of Love", which he wanted to fight with last week, dived 60.9%. Originally, Mike Myers wanted to take advantage of the updraft of the "Shrek" series to activate his "box-office appeal of real-life acting". In front of the "office bitch" Karef, who is supported by Anne Hathaway, the media has instead found the handle of "there are talented people in the country" and "the change of new and old comedy stars". "Kung Fu Panda" and "The Amazing Hulk" were deprived of a large number of tourists by "Robot Wall-E" and "Wanted" respectively, so the degree of victimization was also considerable. The former has dropped by 46.5%, with a total of $179 million so far, and there is still hope to pass the $200 million barrier with hard work, but in the past few weeks, "Cars", which still earned $245 million with North America, has finally made a bright progress in this book. The week slowed down; the latter slipped 58.3%, and although it was significantly better as an entertainment film than Ang Lee's "Hulk" five years ago, the $116 million figure so far still lags behind the Lee version's revenue over the same period. "Indiana Jones 4: Kingdom of the Crystal Skull" and "Iron Man" have entered a heated battle for the "Summer Boss of 2008". The former has left "Pirates of the Caribbean: At World's End" in the same period last year. The player is about to catch up with "Transformers", and who will die will basically be announced before "Batman 6: The Dark Knight" landed in three weeks. I don't know if the two alliance leaders will be overwhelmed by the powerful firepower of "Superman for All" falling from the sky next week? In addition, the final harvest of "Sex and the City" will be about the same as that of Julia Roberts' "Runaway Bride" at $152 million; and "John the Barber" has made Adam Sandler's first taste in recent years. 100 million $ difficult hardships. Bi Chenggong (blog)/Text