Decryption: Why Westerners are so afraid of the number "13" They are superstitious that this number will bring bad luck to themselves, so they avoid it: "If 13 people sit at a table, one of them will die within this year", "Friday the 13th is a very unlucky day", "13 floors are unlucky", "13 steps bring bad luck". Many people who fear 13 will see any number with 13, such as 713, as an unlucky symbol. And the superstition about the 13-person table has 13 absurd claims, such as "if someone sneezes at a table of 13, the eldest or youngest person will die within a year". These superstitions, which seem more like jokes to us, are enduring in the world. An American surveyed representatives of all foreign embassies in Washington and found that at least 46 countries have a history of fear 13. One of the results of superstition is the disappearance of the 13th floor in the construction industry. As early as 1903, high-rise buildings in Manhattan in the United States canceled the labeling of the 13th floor. Some buildings that were built before the superstition, or those that had been designed but dared to ignore the superstition, were asked to rearrange their floor numbers, and more hotels wiped out all room 13 in one fell swoop. One elevator worker who dismissed the practice was applauded by Martin Luther King Jr., saying: "When you find out that the 14th floor is actually the 13th floor, you feel that fear is a Absolutely stupid idea." What he didn't notice, though, was that people who feared 13 saw the "13th floor" sign rather than the floor itself as the source of inauspiciousness. When and where this superstition originated, if there is an answer, it must be hidden in a long time no one knows. Early Christians pointed the finger at the "Last Supper": Jesus and his 12 believers once sat at a table for dinner, the next day Jesus was crucified, and 12 betrayed Jesus. One of the believers, Judas, could not escape death in the end. This fatalistic story has stimulated people's imagination of 13. Most people speculate that the superstition of the 13 people at the same table has entered people's hearts since the day of Jesus' crucifixion, and it has been continuously strengthened. Before that, the most striking origin theory came from Norse mythology: at a banquet in the city of Vihara, the devil Rocky was the 13th guest to break into the banquet, and he killed one of the gods Bo. Durr. In America at the end of the 19th century, inauspicious news and stories dominated newspaper headlines year after year, demonstrating the power of this superstition. In 1896, The New York Times tried to give a once-and-for-all answer to the question "Is 13 unlucky?" They surveyed a large number of railways, military police, and fire brigade units and came to an encouraging conclusion: 13 and other There is nothing wrong with any number. But this effort seems insignificant to superstitious people. The most courageous action started more than ten years ago. A group of New Yorkers who saw superstition as a historical legacy that hindered the development of society established the "13 Club" in 1881 and decided to challenge the superstition caused by that number. The founder of the club, Captain William Fowler, is a retired American Civil War veteran, and his life is related to 13: participated in 13 battles, retired on August 13, 1863, and bought a house on the 13th, the second month after retirement. , and then became one of the best 13 members of the club. It took Fowler a year to find 12 "Warriors" and add himself to form the "Club of 13". On Friday, January 13, 1881, at 8:13 pm, in room 13, the club's opening banquet began. According to the agreement, the members of the club will have dinner on the 13th of each month, and 13 people will share the same table. If everyone survives the year of the potluck, the 13 superstitions will be self-defeating. The club deliberately exaggerates the horror of death, such as writing "We who are about to die salute you" on the huge red and white flag, the tombstone-shaped menu and the skull-shaped candlestick are impressive, and sometimes members will Eat a coffin-shaped lobster salad with a miniature coffin-shaped plate engraved with the number 13 on it. Broken mirrors, open umbrellas and silhouettes of black cats, which were seen as ominous symbols, became standard banquet decorations, ridiculed and attacked by clubs. The 13 Club quickly became New York's preeminent social club and grew at an astonishing rate, with five consecutive U.S. presidents serving as its honorary members. Thousands of club members who have had the experience of sitting at the same table with 13 people, and all of them have survived, have used their own experience to prove the absurdity of this superstition. However, proving and convincing it is clearly a long way off, the 13 club is gradually forgotten, and the 13 superstition still pervades the world. A survey of college students in 1933 showed that more than 90% thought "Friday the 13th" was inauspicious, and 67 years later, the American Demographics survey showed that 30% of teens still believed that number. A sense of terror. Compared with the heyday of 13 superstitions, this ratio is gratifying, but no one knows how long the vitality of superstition will last.