Krugman: No need to worry about debts Worry because America's massive economic system is able to cope with rising debt. The following is an excerpt from the article: The latest US budget deficit forecast is that the budget deficit over the next 10 years will reach $9 trillion. Many commentators believe that this is a dire number and that decisive action is needed to cut the deficit, not least, of course, by removing stimulus measures and abandoning health care reform. But the truth is more complicated and less sensational. Now, the budget deficit is actually helping the economy out of recession. Budget deficits in the U.S. and other major economies have helped save the global economy from a deeper recession. The longer-term outlook for budget deficits is worrying, but not catastrophic. The only real cause for concern is political. If Republicans and Democrats are finally willing to show at least a little bit of maturity, the US can handle its debt. There are two main reasons for the soaring budget deficit. First, the recession has led to a sharp drop in tax revenue and increased spending on unemployment insurance and other safety-net programs. Second, the government invested a lot of money to bail out the financial industry. This tells us that running a deficit now is a good thing. If the US government and other countries try to balance their budgets as they did in the early 1930s, the results will be dire. If governments raise taxes or cut spending amid a recession, and if they refuse to bail out struggling financial institutions, a repeat of the Great Depression is very likely. As I said, deficits save the world. In fact, we might be better off if governments were willing to run larger deficit policies over the next year or two. But what should we do with these debts? Typically, economists assess debt sustainability in terms of debt-to-GDP ratios. While $9 trillion is a huge amount, we also have a massive economy that means things aren't as dire as you might think. Net federal debt will account for 70% of GDP by 2019, according to White House projections. This is not good news, but history has shown that this is within the control of developed countries. In the early 1990s, Belgium's net debt was 118% of its GDP, while Italy's was 114% of its GDP, but neither country suffered a financial crisis. So, what's there to worry about? The answer is yes, but the danger is political rather than economic. As I said, the US budget deficit projections for the next 10 years are not as bad as thought. But in the long run, without major adjustments, the US government will face serious problems. In particular, the U.S. must tightly control the growth of Medicare and Medicaid spending. In the context of overall health care reform, this shouldn't be terribly difficult. After all, the U.S. spends much more on health care than other developed countries without achieving better results, so we should be able to make our health care system more efficient. But if even the mildest attempts at reform fail to succeed, the outcome will be unimaginable. So don't worry about fiscal deficits this year; we do need to build up federal debt quickly now, and we need to keep doing so until the economy is on a solid path to recovery. If we have potential problems, it's not because the economy can't handle this extra debt, it's because of stupid politics. (Xingya)