"Barron's" Cover Article: Focus on Exxon Mobil This issue of "Barron's" highlights the investment value of Exxon Mobil, the preeminent among the global oil majors. The article believes that although the company's stock price has been lagging behind the broader market in this year's rebound, it has even become the two worst-performing stocks in the S&P 500, thus being neglected by institutional investors. But that doesn't mean the company's investment value is declining. The company continues to deliver strong returns for investors as it has in the past. The best-performing stocks in the stock market tend to hide in the mediocrity. The most common example is ExxonMobil, the world's largest company by market value at $345 billion, more than $8 billion ahead of No. 2 Microsoft. Like many blue-chip stocks, Exxon has lagged in this year's rally, even though the company has the best management team, best returns and best asset quality in the industry. Even though oil prices have nearly doubled this year, the company's shares are still down 10%, trading around $72 a share. The company's stock is the only one in the super energy club to fall this year, and is the second-worst stock in the Dow after communications company Verizon Communications Inc. However, as the energy company with the most diversified portfolio, Exxon Mobil is the most defensive stock in the industry. However, institutional investors with strong desire to become rich are now more optimistic about oil and gas drilling, or oil industry service companies that use leverage to raise energy prices. As a result, the company's defensive characteristics and large scale have become constraints on its stock price growth. factor. Buffett once warned that it is better to invest in a good company at a suitable price than in a decent company at a low price. That adage applies to ExxonMobil. The company's current stock price is only 18 times this year's estimated earnings of $4 per share, and only less than 13 times next year's expected earnings of $5.82 per share. Shares of other large integrated oil companies are at 10 times. But Buffett occasionally breaks his own rules and pays dearly for his mistakes by investing $7 billion in companies like ConocoPhillips instead of Exxon. ConocoPhillips shares are down 35% from the average investment cost Buffett buys, and the loss would be much smaller with an investment in Exxon. If energy prices can achieve sustained upward momentum as reflected in futures contracts, the company's profit forecast for next year is conservative. If next year's oil and gas futures contract prices turn out better, the company expects earnings of $6.50 a share or more. The company earned a record $8.69 a share last year when oil prices hit $145 a barrel. The company made $45 billion in after-tax profits last year, the most of any publicly traded company in history. Industry insiders call Exxon the industry's gold standard and believe it's still very attractive when it trades at about 80% of its fair value now, when it typically trades at 100%. Some people in the investment community believe that if the company's huge oil exploration and production can be priced at the value of an independent listed company, investors are effectively getting the company's refining and chemical business for free. Exxon's refining and chemical businesses could be worth as much as $75 billion, or $16 a share. That means the company's fair value is close to $90 per share. If the market reverses, the downside risk appears to be limited, so the company's stock has a good risk/reward value ratio. The company has some of the best refining assets in the world, with production in North America, Europe, the Middle East and Asia. If the company's profitable chemical business is a stand-alone business, it could be worth more than industry leader DuPont. Exxon Mobil ended the third quarter with a net cash of $2.9 billion. The company is also one of the few companies in the United States with a triple-A credit rating. Relative to Exxon Mobil's 4% weighting in the S&P 500, most institutional investors are underweight in the company's stock. But retail investors have long had a soft spot for companies. With the company's earnings last year being one of the few best on record in the S&P 500's history, investors who patiently hold onto the company's stock are bound to pay well in the end. Exxon has returned shareholders an average of 15% annually since 1997, compared with 11% for the S&P 500 over the same period. One of the reasons it's not valued by institutional investors is that corporate stocks are not a get-rich-quick variety. It lacks the fiery passion of smaller energy companies. Therefore, some people in the investment industry believe that investing in Exxon Mobil does not require the help of analysts, and people just buy it. Most of the perceptions that blame Exxon have something to do with the company's size and the future energy storage challenges it faces. The company produced about 3.7 million barrels of oil per day in the third quarter, with a 63%/37% oil and gas ratio, respectively. However, this high production momentum is likely to be unsustainable as the world's recoverable oil fields and the increasing nationalization of some areas reduce the opportunities for exploitation. It is estimated that 85% of the world's oil reserves are located in OPEC countries and the former Soviet Union, and drilling in these areas is very difficult for Western oil companies. Compared with competitors, Exxon Mobil is very cautious about drilling in these sensitive areas, and companies like BP are willing to take risks in Russia. It is estimated that the company controls about 72 billion barrels of oil and gas reserves. Wall Street sees a 3 percent increase in Exxon Mobil's third-quarter production as acceptable, while financiers prefer Chevron, which has seen stronger output growth. Exxon Mobil's production growth is not unsatisfactory, according to an investment tip from analysts at Deutsche Bank last week. But other institutional analysts believe that investors should focus more on the returns a company brings to investors than just production. In addition, ExxonMobil is one of the most self-disciplined companies in the industry. The company's return on capital (ROIC) last year was a staggering 34%, compared with 26%, 21% and 17% for the industry's most comparable competitors, Chevron, BP and Royal Dutch Shell, respectively. It is believed that the company's ROIC will remain at a minimum of 20%-25% in the future. The company, which used to double its production every 15 years, spent an average of $7 a barrel to find oil between 2004 and 2008, lower than its competitors. Exxon's capital spending projects this year amounted to $26 billion, about the same as last year, despite the slump in oil and gas prices. The company maintains a long-term and stable view on energy prices, and does not agree with the business idea of spending more in good years and spending less in bad years. In addition, ExxonMobil has been happy to buy back company shares after dividends over the past five years. The company has spent a total of $132 billion on share repurchases since 2004, while dividends totaled $36 billion over the same period. The company has spent $17 billion to buy back shares this year alone. It is the only company in the industry to execute a massive buyback program. The company's total outstanding shares have fallen by 25% since the end of 2004, with a total share capital of 4.7 billion shares at the end of the third quarter. That means the company has reserves equivalent to 5 barrels of crude oil per share. Some people compare Exxon Mobil to Goldman Sachs in the energy industry, but the former is better than the latter. Like the latter, the former also has a distinctive and excellent corporate culture, unrelentingly focused on return on investment and efficiency in exchange for full confidence. ExxonMobil has most clearly demonstrated its leadership in the industry, so there is no reason to believe that the company's shareholders will not have the best future earnings. (East Anhui)