Fly replaces sky in the estar match with the coach list of each team - Kim, Yangjung and Fnatic from WemadeFox, and Samuel Mathews from MSI are selected as the coaches of the East and West teams - WC3, Chinese player Sky is absent due to personal reasons, and Chinese fly100% players Substitute - Intercontinental Cup coaches and players have been prepared. The 'Seoul International e-Sports Festival 2009' (hereafter referred to as e-Stars Seoul 2009) is co-sponsored by Seoul City (Mayor Oh Se-hoon) and Joongang Ilbo (Representative Song Pil?). ) of the East and West coaches of the Intercontinental Cup was released recently (June 9) on the official website of e-Stars Seoul. At the beginning of the year, Moon, a world star player of Warcraft, was introduced to operate StarCraft and Counter-Strike, and Kim, Yangjoong (32), who made WemadeFox a global e-sports club, was selected as the coach of the East team. Coach Kim, Yangjung, who was selected as the coach of the East team this time, said, "I watched the first intercontinental cup format in Seoul last year when the East team lost to the West team." Thoroughly analyze the opponent's strategy to make the East team win the championship, and inspire the players to win in the Wangzhongwang Station." The East and West team players of the Intercontinental Cup were confirmed on June 2, but they were voted by fans. The W3 representative of the Oriental team, Chinese player Sky, gave up the participation due to personal reasons, and Chinese players Lu and weiliang were qualified to participate in e-Stars seoul 2009. The western team of the Intercontinental Cup, which is composed of the best players in the world, is centered on coach Samuel Mathews, and consists of ▲CS: Denmark mTw.dk and Sweden fnatic.MSI, SK-Gaming ▲WC3: Netherlands Gruby, Spain LucifroN and Germany HasuObs. Under the command of Coach Kim and Yangjung, the Oriental Team is composed of ▲The CS team composed of South Korea's Wemade FOX, China's TyLoo and Kazakhstan's k23, and ▲The world's most famous South Korean Moon, Lyn and China's Fly are 100% composed. 'e-Stars Seoul', featuring the Intercontinental Cup, will be held at the Seoul Trade Convention Center (SETEC) from July 24th to 26th. In this conference, not only the intercontinental competition between East and West teams, but also the King of the Game selects the King of the Game for two types of events. Other details about 'e-Stars Seoul 2009' can be found on the official website. Intercontinental Cup Coach List Intercontinental Cup Player List Project: Counter Strike CS 1.6 Project: Warcraft WC3