Link to Ouyang Jianghe: "Mei Lanfang" Suspected Infringement of Paper Shackles "Mei Lanfang" Alleged Infringement Propagandist said Chen Kaige didn't know about it Yan Geling responded to the infringement and said: Grandfather's memoirs are the source of paper shackles Sina Entertainment News Today, Sina Entertainment receives A lawyer's letter from Ouyang Jianghe, a well-known Chinese poet, said that the "paper shackles" in Chen Kaige's New Year's film "Mei Lanfang", which is currently being shown nationwide, is suspected of infringing his copyright. Ouyang Jianghe believes that the content of the "Paper Shackles" plot in "Mei Lanfang" is closely related to its literary work "Paper Handcuffs: An Unfilmed Movie and Its 43 Variations" (this work has been included in July 2001 by Life -Reading-Xinzhi Sanlian Bookstore published the book "Standing on the Fictional Side", the author is Ouyang Jianghe), which are similar in terms of substance and plot content. Sina Entertainment contacted Mr. Ouyang Jianghe immediately. He said, "The important plot "Paper Shackles" in "Mei Lanfang" and other four other plots in the film are suspected of plagiarizing from his own work "Paper Handcuffs". Although "the plot of paper shackles only occupies 5 minutes of physical time in the 150-minute film, the whole film is derived from it, and the spirituality of the film will collapse if this detail is removed." At the same time, due to "Ouyang Jianghe" The property rights in the copyright of "Paper Handcuffs" have been transferred to Star Art Vision (Beijing) International Entertainment Culture Co., Ltd. and Yiming Time Space (Beijing) International Media Company. These two companies have asked the director to prepare the It was made into a movie, and a lot of initial investment has been made in the movie to be shot, and the screening of "Mei Lanfang", especially "Paper Shackles" as a classic plot in the play, will undoubtedly affect the above-mentioned two who currently enjoy copyright property rights. Whether the company continued filming had a huge impact" (from the original text of the "Lawyer's Inquiry Letter"). Therefore, Ouyang Jianghe said, "I hope the "Mei Lanfang" crew can face up to this matter and make a serious and responsible explanation." Sina Entertainment: We have received your lawyer's letter. This lawyer's letter is from Ms. Yan Geling, Mr. Chen Guofu and Mr. Zhang Jialu, the screenwriters of "Mei Lanfang", and the China Film Group North Film Studio. Ouyang Jianghe: I entrusted a lawyer to issue this letter of inquiry to them. Because we believe that the plot of "Paper Shackles" in "Mei Lanfang" is suspected of infringing my copyright. In fact, "Paper Handcuffs" was made by me in 1996 to apply for the Stuttgart Hideaway Fund. After that, I had the intention to develop it into a film, so the subtitle of this article is "A Film That Wasn't Shot and Its 43 Variations". In 2001, I officially published it through Sanlian Publishing House. This is also the first time that "Paper Handcuffs" has officially appeared in a publication. Last year, I had officially signed with two companies and received the copyright transfer fee for the film. Moreover, my "Paper Handcuffs" has been adapted into a script and has undergone long-term planning. Since the film was released on December 4th, I have received many phone calls and text messages from my friends, who thought that the "paper shackles" in "Mei Lanfang" were copying my "paper handcuffs", but I didn't take it seriously at the time. I thought it was just a prop in a certain Peking Opera segment. However, the person in charge of the management called me and questioned the copyright fee for my repeated sales of "Paper Handcuffs". I was immediately blinded. No matter how I explained it, I had to go to the cinema myself to see the film. After reading it, I have to admit that they copied it very cleverly. Because paper handcuffs only exist in modern times, if the story takes place in the Qing Dynasty, there are "paper shackles". The design of the entire film and the spiritual starting point of the film come from "Paper Shackles". I have collected the interpretations of the film's creators on various media, and they have repeatedly emphasized the important role played by "paper shackles" in the film, proving that this plot setting is crucial to this film. important. If we shoot "Paper Handcuffs" again, the public will think we are plagiarizing "Mei Lanfang".