 Weekly Review of Hong Kong Films: The Storm on the Eve of Cannes (5.4-5.11) Although Hong Kong films have gradually fallen into a downturn, there is still a certain market for films (only the size of the market is different), and stars still rise and fall, just like Hong Kong director Luo Zhiliang wrote in the column yesterday (May 11, 2008) of "Southern Metropolis Daily": "Seventeen years ago, all the people in the play group had several sets of plays in their bodies, combing hair, makeup, costumes, actors, martial artists, art directors, and even The director will also say: 'When will I finish work? I have to catch up with the second group.' Seventeen years later, the staff in every position are very focused and single-mindedly complete the film at hand." And starting this Monday, the author will use every The way of Zhou Review records the new developments of Hong Kong movies in the past week. Filmmakers: 1. "Hong Kong Nights" was closed. A few years before the participation of "Painted Skin" and "Outstanding Tender", the Hong Kong Trade Development Council organized World Entertainment, Sunshine Films, Meiya Films, Media Asia Variety Shows, Oriental Films, and Emperor Films several times. and other Hong Kong film companies to hold a "Hong Kong Night" reception at the Cannes Film Festival, vigorously promoting Hong Kong films to the European and American markets. However, this year's "Hong Kong Night" has been suspended, and only Jiaoyang Company and Oriental Film have teamed up to participate in the exhibition, including "The Grandmaster: Ip Man", "Painted Skin", "Winning the Tender" and many other new films that will be released this year. 2. "Ip Man" was renamed, Zedong Company bombarded several years ago, Wong Kar-wai announced that he would adapt the story of Ip Man (his most famous deed is that he was Bruce Lee's master) into a movie, played by Tony Leung (Dingge) Ye Wen, the film was named "The Grandmaster". However, the film has been delayed for a long time, but "Ip Man", directed by Weixin Ye, starring Donnie Yen (blog) and Sammo Hung as the action director, started filming first, and was officially renamed "The Grandmaster: Ip Man" recently. East Company question. In addition, "The Grandmaster: Ip Man" will start painting on December 19 this year. In fact, there was a similar situation in the previous competition between Shaw Brothers and Cathay Pacific, but in the end, Run Run Shaw and Lu Yuntao shook hands to reconcile to avoid the recurrence of such vicious competition incidents. The "Ip Man" not only grabbed the filming, but also deliberately changed its name, which was inevitably bombarded. 3. "Deep Sea Searching" passed the censorship and was released simultaneously on June 12. A lot of things happened in the Hong Kong film industry this year, especially the pornographic incident, which also indirectly affected the release of many films in the mainland or was required to be re-censored , this "Deep Sea Searching" directed by Tsui Hark is one of them. The film was originally scheduled to be released simultaneously in Hong Kong and the Mainland in mid-May. Later, due to the re-censorship, the release time in Hong Kong was postponed to June 12, and the release in the Mainland was temporarily stranded. It will be released simultaneously with Hong Kong on June 12. 4. Liang Luoshi (Ting Ge) faced the publicity negatively. Huang Baiming questioned the quality of the actors probably because the relationship between Liang Luoshi and the Emperor Company had been strained and even had to be resolved by legal means. Liang Luoshi is said to have suspended the company related to the Emperor Company. Among them, the first victim is the work "Looking for People in the Deep Sea", because Liang Luoshi, as the protagonist, did not participate in the shooting of the poster, nor did he record the theme song, which affected the publicity of the work. (But Liang Luoshi participated in the press conference held in New York for "Tomb Raiders 3".) Huang Baiming, one of the owners of the film company, wanted to sue the Emperor Company on the one hand, and on the other hand, also questioned the professional quality of the actors. When the "Once Upon a Time" series was filmed, there was also a conflict between the star and the film company, which affected the film production. It is not surprising that it happened again today, but in the game between the star and the company, both sides also have A place to reflect on yourself. (Not long ago, there was a discussion about how long a star should sign a contract with a film company.) 5. Chen Musheng's new film "Hold the Call" will be released in the mid-autumn season in September. After "New Police Story" was released in the Mid-Autumn Festival and achieved good box office and reputation, this year's thriller "Keep the Call" gave up the summer vacation of the Hollywood action blockbuster, and chose to open the film in the Mid-Autumn Festival, and will be released at the end of September. The "Painted Skin" forms a ladder. However, "Shinjuku Incident" directed by Er Dongsheng (blog) is also expected to start in September. I don't know how much impact it will have on "Keep the Call". 6. Yau Litao's new film "The Same Door" started shooting Last year, Qiu Litao was not only selected as the "Focus Director" section of the Hong Kong International Film Festival to give a key introduction, but also directed excellent works such as "Ten Days of Sex Workers" and "Head Down". Not long ago His photography style can still be seen in "Seize the Handsome", which was photographed by him. Recently, the opening ceremony of the new film "Songmen" directed by him was also held in Sham Shui She. The director himself and actors Shawn Yue (Ting Song), Cai Shaofen (blog), Jiang Ruolin, Guan Enna (Ting Song), Du Wenze (blog) and others attended the opening ceremony. present. Statement: Sina.com exclusive manuscript, please indicate the source for reprinting.