Cheung Kong Guo Ziwei: Famous City Builds Hong Kong's Center City (Photo) Interview Date: March 12, 2009 Interview Guest: Guo Ziwei, Director of Cheung Kong Real Estate Investment Co., Ltd. Moderator: Sina Leju Zhang Dandan The following is a wonderful record of this interview: Moderator: Hello, everyone, welcome to pay attention to the guest chat column of Sina Leju. First of all, I would like to welcome Mr. Guo Ziwei, director of Cheung Kong Real Estate Investment Co., Ltd., hello! We know that Changshi's reputation sells very well in the world, and the famous city launched now has also attracted a lot of attention. Since the last time Sina Leju released the information of "famous city", what new news will this project bring to you? Guo Ziwei: Now the famous city has also entered the final preparation stage. According to the current situation, we are still waiting for the Hong Kong authorities to issue the pre-sale certificate. We must wait for the pre-sale certificate to open the model room. It should not take too long. before the end of the month. According to Hong Kong's living habits, there is an Easter in April, and there will be a few days off. For Hong Kong, it is also a period of hot real estate. Everyone uses this time to bring some new projects to the market. This should be in our hands. arrangements are expected. Moderator: Many people are paying attention to the relevant developments of this project. I noticed before that the famous city said "to build a city in the center of Hong Kong", so is it really in the center of Hong Kong? Guo Ziwei: The geographical location is definitely in the center of Hong Kong. Of course, we will still pay attention to specific domestic matters in the future, so the project is also very close to the center of Shenzhen Special Economic Zone in China, the distance to Shenzhen and the central ring of Hong Kong. The distance is almost the same, and with the geographical advantage of Hong Kong, it can also integrate with the domestic market. Moderator: Where is the specific location? What about the surrounding facilities? Guo Ziwei: "Famous City" is actually a property built on top of a subway station in Hong Kong. It may be unfamiliar to domestic friends. This place is called Dawei. Many people in Hong Kong know that there are two places next to Dawei. One is Kowloon Tong, which is the most luxurious and luxurious residential area in Kowloon, Hong Kong. The next station is Kowloon Tong, and the other station is Sha Tin. Sha Tin is also very familiar to Hong Kong people. Sha Tin was developed before the British government in Hong Kong. This place has been developed for 30 years and has accumulated wealth for 30 years. The location of "Famous City" happens to be between Shatin and Kowloon Tong. If there is anything special about this area, it has the effect of transportation and traffic. In the future, there will be a new railway in Tai Wai, which will go to the urban area of Hong Kong, called the central line of Shatin. It will be officially implemented in the next three to five years. Now there is basically a network to go to the urban area. After adding this network, there will be double advantages in the future. It is more convenient to go to the urban area. If you take the subway and train, there are already two Network channels, at that time, there is another Ma'anshan railway system in one area. From the perspective of the basic railway system, if you don't take the subway or train, you can also use multiple highways, just like six highway trunk lines. The Hong Kong area is linked together, and it takes about 20 minutes to the airport. In addition to convenience, "Famous City" also has a so-called suburban environmental advantage. There is an education park nearby. Hong Kong's education park is very famous. Many Hong Kong residents or people will use holidays to go to this area to enjoy the relevant environmental advantages. Basically, Whether it is the advantages of the subway, the advantages of driving, and the advantages of the suburban environment, these characteristics are almost absent in Hong Kong at present, and may appear in the future, but they will not appear in a short period of time. A geographical advantage. Moderator: You just talked about the extensive transportation network in the city of Hong Kong, and also mentioned that it takes only 28 minutes from the "famous city" to Shenzhen. So what is the transportation line in the middle? Guo Ziwei: According to the current traffic environment, it takes more than 20 minutes to go to Shenzhen and more than 20 minutes to the Hong Kong Financial Center. At present, Hong Kong and Shenzhen already have 24-hour customs clearance, and basically can communicate with the mainland 24 hours a day. This is very important for Hong Kong. A clear advantage. Moderator: Everyone knows that the transportation advantage of our project is very good. Many people will pay attention to our apartment type when they buy this house. First of all, who are the customers of our products, most of them are from Hong Kong, or are there more from the mainland? What type of homes do they focus on? Guo Ziwei: After the Spring Festival, we made some soft sales arrangements in Hong Kong. In fact, we have already inquired more than 50,000 people. They are from Hong Kong and have not started in China. If you are interested, you can call us. Now the sales reservation has been made. There are 10,000 units, which is very good. Generally, there are three-bedroom and four-bedroom units. We basically start with three-bedroom units. Three-bedroom units account for 80% of the entire project, and four-bedroom units account for 20%. For three-bedroom units, Hong Kong’s The area is 900 feet, according to the domestic standard is about 80 square meters, the four-bedroom Hong Kong is about 1300 feet to 1400 feet, and the domestic standard is about 120 square meters to 130 square meters. In fact, in terms of the area of the project, our direction is very simple in terms of the smallest three-bedroom. Some domestic sayings are some customers who are improving, and customers who want to improve their living environment. From the perspective of Hong Kong, it is to change the house, from two-family to three-family, we will definitely target some improvement customers, and some investment customers, including some customers in Hong Kong who go to Hong Kong to buy houses from domestic or even foreign countries. , we mainly focus on improvement, and investment, these two categories. At present, we look at the luxury houses in the whole of Hong Kong. For luxury houses with more than 10 million yuan, domestic or foreign investors also account for a relatively obvious proportion. According to last year's data, projects with more than 10 million yuan For example, in the case of mainland customers, the proportion is about 15%. Domestic customers play a key role in some luxury houses, especially those with more than 10 million yuan. client. This time, we will do some customer arrangements in the mainland, and we will also do some pre-exhibition activities in the mainland. The main areas of the exhibition will be concentrated in Beijing, Shanghai, and Guangzhou. Why are these three regions different? For the customer base in other regions, such as Beijing is mainly local, Shanghai is the customer base in Wenzhou and other places, Guangzhou is the South China region, the three places can attract the national key or people who have the ability to invest and immigrate to Hong Kong. We hope It can be done from these aspects. At present, the percentage of many customers who go to Hong Kong to buy houses is still a small percentage. If the domestic population of 1.3 billion has the ability to mobilize 10 million funds at any time, it should be 0.1%. , the entire famous city does not need any sales. In Hong Kong, people often say that Kowloon Tong, the district next to Shatin District, has a lot of interested customers in the two districts. If this area is really managed in the country at this stage, there will be so-called political pressure at any time. fair and equitable way. We will definitely welcome domestic customers, and then Hong Kong, we will provide some relevant legal information, we can take them to Hong Kong to visit the overall environment, because this project can also be officially handed over, you can go to the nearby to learn about the development of the entire region , the most important thing is that the city has a prospect of future appreciation. The traffic has shown, and it will develop in the future. The so-called future means that it will be easy to connect with China in the future. This is also the trend of the future. Last week, I went to Hong Kong, including the famous University of Hong Kong, they The reason for researching the establishment of a branch in Shenzhen is that we cannot put our existing advantages in Hong Kong. We must go out and go to Shenzhen, and we must attract the elites of China's 1.3 billion population to come to our school to study. Since there are Hong Kong institutions, companies, or schools, they go to China, and they also value the mainland market. Now when we go to Hong Kong to buy a house, we need to understand the future appreciation prospects. Hong Kong’s Mid-Levels will definitely buy Hong Kong’s current market. The most valuable project, but for this project, it only has an advantage at present, so how to talk about the future, how to connect with China in the future, and how to contact China in the future, for example, if you live in a famous city, go to the University of Hong Kong Going to school is farther away, but if there is a branch in Shenzhen in the future, you can go back closer, and you can arrive in 30 minutes. What kind of advantage is the advantage of contacting China and Hong Kong. Future students have this ability and take their future into consideration. Many mainland customers say that the first attraction is that they are easily affected by existing things. It is good to go to see this thing, but we will look at the future development in the next five to ten years. How to look at this place is the best. The important thing is that it is like Shanghai in China. There is still a certain distance between Shanghai and Hong Kong, but we see that this project will only be launched in 2020. It does not mean how it is currently. It depends on how you look at it. Judging from the situation, its prospects are not too much. We must find a way to integrate with the domestic market. For example, Shenzhen has found a future financial center to create a reclamation. If we go to Shenzhen and Central from this place, we will use more than 20 yuan. In minutes, there will be a geographical advantage in the future, so the famous city has its existing characteristics. Whether it is everyone's improving customers and investment customers in Hong Kong, and some foreign customers, including the United States, they are also very concerned about why they come to live in Hong Kong, they want to buy a place in Hong Kong, and find a base to invest in In the future, everyone knows that the direction of the economy is very simple. The future will definitely be Asia, Asia will definitely be China, and it will definitely be us. At present, Hong Kong has a characteristic of financial flexibility. In the future, some companies must come to Hong Kong to make some investments. They must rent a house in Hong Kong. They must have a certain stable way in Hong Kong to invest in the mainland. This will lead to Hong Kong's current status as the so-called financial center, and also caused the explosive growth of luxury houses in Hong Kong last year, but the explosive growth may have come from the financial tsunami the year before, resulting in a rebound after the price was depressed. As I said just now, foreign companies will see the rebound of the entire world economy. China is the fastest, and China is the fastest. It will definitely come to China. China still has some restrictions, especially the restrictions on the renminbi. It will definitely open up in the future, but what? I don't know when, so they have to come to Hong Kong. Last year, the financial tsunami suddenly concentrated all the funds in Hong Kong to prepare for investment, which caused too much capital in Hong Kong last year, and the stock price rose. This was a trend last year, not a recurring situation. But this year or the next five years, even if I compare the current development of Hong Kong with that of the mainland, in 2020, I am sure that Hong Kong still has a very special position, and Shanghai has already established a certain foundation, and I will definitely believe that it will be built into As a financial center, there must be this idea, so from the current point of view, Hong Kong will concentrate some funds in Hong Kong to invest in the mainland, so Hong Kong funds, especially luxury houses, attract some funds to Hong Kong, at least about 10 million , whether our investors are renting out or selling them for subletting, they still have great prospects. i want to comment