Lenovo IEST 2009 e-sports competition airborne on the 23rd in Beijing This year's most watched e-sports competition, the international e-sports competition (Lenovo Internatioal Electric Sports Tournament) created by the world's leading IT giant Lenovo Group, IEST2009 will be held on June 23. Officially launched at Lenovo Headquarters in Beijing, Lenovo Group and the IEST2009 Organizing Committee will hold a grand and grand launching ceremony of the event, thus kicking off the four-month-long event. The launching ceremony of IEST2009 is destined to become the focus of the industry. After a year of silence due to the Olympic Games, IEST2009 made a strong comeback at a time when the e-sports industry was at a low point. As the organizer, Lenovo deliberately chose the new headquarters of Lenovo Group on Shangdi 5th Street as the venue for the launching ceremony. It will increase the industry's expectations for this event. As the most internationally renowned local e-sports event, the launch ceremony of IEST 2009, which will be held at 3:00 on the 23rd, is destined to become a grand festival for the e-sports industry. At this launching ceremony, the organizing committee will invite the most popular e-sports star in China, Li Xiaofeng, to attend. He will appear with two e-sports babies who cross the line of fire, and have a wonderful exhibition match. Competitors interacted and communicated to experience the boundless passion and charm brought by IEST2009. At that time, the organizing committee will also launch the official website of the IEST2009 competition, iest.lenovo.com. Another important part of the launching ceremony is to announce the competition items and schedule of IEST2009. It is understood that IEST2009 will be divided into two parts: online competition and offline competition, and the two parts of the competition are independent. The online competition includes 3 items, namely "Warcraft 3 - The Frozen Throne", "Counter-Strike CS" and "DOTA", while the offline competition items are "Warcraft 3 - The Frozen Throne", "The Frozen Throne" Pro Evolution Soccer and Crossfire. It is reported that the qualifiers for the offline competition and the online competition will kick off in early July at the same time, and the specific competition schedule and registration method will be announced later. This event will invite the well-known domestic TV host "Flying Fish Show" in "Yu Zhou" as the host. "Yu Zhou" from China Radio International has already become a radio host that is highly sought after by the younger generation of listeners. What is even more exciting is that the 300 e-sports players invited by the organizing committee will receive a set of exquisite Razer keyboard and mouse sets as souvenirs, and will have the opportunity to visit the new headquarters of Lenovo Group. At the same time, Lenovo Group will also launch a new high-end gaming PC-Lenovo Ideacentre K series at the launch site of the launch ceremony. This series of gaming PC products adopts the latest AMD quad-core CPU, and the graphics card is ATI's top graphics card with dual GPUs, which ensures smooth and gorgeous operation of the game, and the unique RAID0 technology protects the player's hard disk efficiently with the quality of the server. Data, so that players have no worries while enjoying the game. It is reported that the theme limited edition chassis of "Cross Fire" will also be launched at the press conference. The cool industrial design and super quality assurance will make this chassis the best choice for hardcore players. I believe that this IEST2009 launch ceremony will surely become a feast for the industry. From June 23, Lenovo will lead us to experience the endless joy and supreme glory brought by e-sports together! Let us look forward to IEST2009 airborne in Beijing this month! Attachment: Time: 15:00-16:00 pm on Tuesday, June 23, 2009 Check-in: 14:00-14:30 Venue: Multifunctional Hall, 3rd Floor, Lenovo Building (No. 6, Shangdi Chuangye Road, Haidian District, Beijing) Lenovo headquarters has strict access requirements. Media and players attending the launching ceremony are requested to sign in on time and enter the venue collectively.