Scientists Reveal the Mystery of the Formation of Strange Lightning Phenomenon Locate and reveal the causes of "elves", "sprites", halos and flash jets. These short-lived lightning phenomena, known as "transient transient luminous events," usually occur at the top of the atmosphere during thunderstorms. Much of the mystery remains as to where its precise appearance occurs, but an analysis of satellite photos has revealed the preferred clustering areas for these spooky flashes. Jellyfish-shaped elf flashes that are brighter than those seen on Venus have so far attracted more attention from researchers, but this latest space survey project will shed new light on elf flashes. The really beautiful and complex atmospheric electronic phenomenon should be the weird lightning, it is a donut-shaped lightning burst, which occurs higher than the ghost flash, and is more brief, it occurs 90 kilometers high in the ionosphere, and lasts for a long time. no more than 1 millisecond. The Imager for Ghost Flash and Top of Atmosphere Lightning (ISUAL), a dedicated survey instrument on Formosa 2 satellite, has detected a total of 5,434 spooky lightnings and 633 ghost flashes over the past three years. The halo, the glowing disc, often occurs directly before the sprite flash, and the number of occurrences is very close to that of the sprite flash. In contrast, blue flash jets are larger than elf flashes and take on a pronounced horn shape, which is very rare. The imager has detected only 13 times in the past 3 years. Alfred Chen, a member of the ISUAL research team at National Cheng Kung University in Taiwan, pointed out that he is very excited about the successful detection of an unexpectedly large number of strange lightning phenomena around the world! Unlike Pixie Flash, which is mostly concentrated in terrestrial environments, Pixie Flash is mostly found in the ocean. Spooky lightning prefers wet and warm conditions, often in areas where sea surface temperatures exceed 26 degrees Celsius, and Alfred would find spooky lightning. "The warm ocean surface can provide the heat source needed to drive intense ocean lightning with high currents, which can form weird lightning in the ionosphere," he said. However, sprite flashes are thought to be flashes that require a higher electrical charge, which means They appear only with the most powerful flash phenomena, and since most flashes occur on land, clusters of elven flashes also occur in terrestrial environments. What is strikingly drawing attention is that spooky lightning is an important global effect in the lower ionosphere, which is entirely an atmospheric electronic phenomenon, said Umran Ainan, a lightning research expert at Stanford University in California. He pointed out that model simulations show that strange lightning hot spots can increase the ionospheric electron density by 5%. This phenomenon may interfere with terrestrial and space communications, such as aircraft navigation communications. (Wei Dong)