The Big Three are super happy to play James: The team spirit makes us very enthusiastic. Although the result is very happy, there are also inconsistencies in the process. With 53 seconds left in the third quarter, James first hit a three-pointer. Later, the emperor broke Jordan Farmar's ball and moved to the front court. At this time, Terrence chased back and defended alone. Three steps later, Terrence stabbed and accelerated into James, knocking the emperor out of the field with an illegal defensive action. James fell into the cameramen and audience on the sidelines, and did not get up for a long time. Regarding this foul, James said, "I think the opponent's action is a bit dirty, it reminds me of the football game in high school, always bumping. Physical contact is unavoidable in the game, but it can't be so fierce, I was directly hit by I was a little dizzy at the time.” However, James behaved quite calmly after being violated, and it seems that the new rules of the league are still working. "I didn't have any complaints. I just stood up and went back to the game. The other party should know what he did. There's no need for me to remind him." Then a reporter gave James another problem," Terrence said. Let me give you a message, for that foul, you should forgive him, because he thinks you have a certain responsibility." The emperor was stunned, "Send me a message?" He used a smile to resolve the embarrassment, "I am not A stingy person, there will inevitably be some friction in the game, it's not a big deal. If he has anything to say to me, he can come to me directly, I'll be waiting for you." Straight up, Wade is very confident about this restructured team. "Since the signing in the summer, everyone has been very happy. With LeBron, there are people who end the game, and with Chris, there are also The defense is guaranteed. The transfer makes the team stronger, and it’s fun to move around like this, so everyone has room to imagine.” James continued, “I’m also very happy to be here, especially with a group of like-minded people. Together, we play with passion." The emperor emphasized teamwork to continuously improve the quality of defense. He gave an example of how Wade grabbed 10 rebounds in today's game, not only because of him alone, but also for the entire team. The result of a collective effort to protect the rebound. Winning the game by a big score obviously put James in a good mood, and he talked more than usual. He said, "We are creating an impeccable whole, I know Chris better, I know Dwyane better, which allows us to work closely together, we are very happy, very happy..." As captain, Wade naturally thinks more All-round, "Apart from the three of us, everyone else is also very talented. Every game requires the cooperation of our teammates. We all respect their efforts. This is the performance of a team, so we can keep moving forward." ( Eggs)