The million-dollar national e-sports competition was born. Today, the Shanghai Sports Federation ushered in a special signing ceremony, that is, the national leisure e-sports competition sponsored by the Shanghai Sports Federation was officially opened to the public. The first to appear is The [Fighting Landlord] competition has a total prize of 1.6 million yuan, and the competition period is about one year. It will be followed by [Song Guessing Competition], [Puzzle Competition] and [Mock Test Competition], which have never been held in the past. The various leisure e-sports competitions in 2019 are undoubtedly a boost to the current sluggish and chaotic e-sports industry! As Aima Industrial Co., Ltd., which has successfully hosted the China E-Sports Olympic League (Game.Olympia of china2003), this game called "Who Will Challenge?" Pure professional e-sports competitions will become more civilian in all aspects. According to reports, the total prize money for this e-sports competition will be as high as 1.6 million yuan. Within a year, the top 81 players in the points ranking will be given cash rewards and master point rewards of varying amounts every week, and their points for the week will be emptied. In this cycle, the championship and runner-up are finally determined through a year of continuous competition. As an e-sports competition that advocates civilianization and non-professionalization. "Who will challenge" will completely break the previous situation that e-sports projects were completely monopolized by digital "high-level people". It is characterized by its fighting wisdom and technology. There will be certain restrictions on the rules, the number of games, the number of people and the time, plus the stimulation of constantly issuing small bonuses. The number of winners will be increased in an all-round way, so as to arouse the interest of e-sports fans of all ages. At the same time, it will make e-sports competitions truly enter the masses and become a leisure project for people after dinner, let the whole society understand the difference between nationalized e-sports and online games, and make the game industry develop healthily. How, did you stir up your heart that has long been attracted to e-sports but suffers from the uselessness of heroes? Then go to the official website http://www.amwpk.com for more detailed competition rules and content. Join early, you will be one step ahead of others, and maybe the final champion will fall on your head!