Guan Jinpeng admits frankly that he wants to marry his gay boyfriend (Photos) On July 21, Carina Lau (Ting Song) and Tony Leung (Ting Song) got married in Bhutan. Carina Lau became Mrs. Liang. High-profile weddings, distinguished and big-name guests, and the focus of the media have made this wedding of the century as legendary as its protagonist. This magazine interviews "old friend" Guan Jinpeng and "little friend" Zhang Zhen who returned from "Liu Liang's big wedding". Have their views on marriage and love been shocked and impacted by this wedding? - Nandu Weekly Editor: Yang Reporter: Qiu Zhili Photography: Special correspondent Qin Yaohui and Guan Jinpeng, a director who is enough to write a "Minority Report" in the Hong Kong performing arts circle. After graduating from the star-studded TVB actor training class, he gave up the front work and specialized in the behind-the-scenes students; in a strong business atmosphere The director of the Hong Kong film industry who insists on making female-themed art films; a public figure who openly admits homosexuality in Hong Kong society where paparazzi culture is prevalent... He is an extraordinary "creature". He and Tony Leung, Carina Lau and the couple have not worked together in many films, but their friendship is not shallow. When he came to Shanghai to attend the premiere of "1/2008", he sat down in front of the reporter and recalled the wedding half a month ago, and he was still very emotional - "Do I want to do such a high-profile wedding myself?" March: Brigitte Lin is very good As a mutual friend of Carina Lau and Tony Leung, whether it was a wedding at noon or a wedding banquet at night, Guan Jinpeng was pulled to the stage to give a speech as a friend, "I was really moved, when the marriage march sounded, they When the two came in in their wedding dresses, my eyes were a little wet. I joked with them later that if you were only in love for two or three years and got married, I must not have been so moved. When they walked in, it was like a movie , what we know, and some things we don't know, jump out scene by scene like a picture." "The wedding dinner is a red western style, and most of the parties are also western style. The music selected by Wong Kar Wai is very Wong Kar Wai, such as " In "Happy Together" in "Happy Together", the lighting designed by Zhang Shuping is different for each scene, which is a painstaking effort, and every detail of Zedong Company has been done perfectly." "The wedding banquet on the first day continued. At 3 or 4 in the morning, everyone was still reluctant to leave, Brigitte Lin is very good, she lasted every party to the end." Beyond the wedding: Carina gave me the magic pill, Carina Lau, and Tony Leung to treat the guests well, not only did everything arrange properly In addition to the silver chopsticks engraved with the names of the two people, Guan Jinpeng also wears a blessed yellow diamond knot on his left hand, and the living room at home also enshrines the mysterious little pills sent by Carina Lau. When in danger, unscrew it and swallow it, and you will be safe." It was very mysterious. Guan Jinpeng also envied the respect and admiration the newlyweds received, "Every guest is very serious about preparing for this trip, we know that there are several parties on different occasions, so we pay attention to the changes in clothing and feel that we are not ready for such a trip. Set of clothes, I will be sorry for such an occasion, I will be sorry for this pair of friends. I rarely go out to travel with so many clothes, even a lot of shoes, and I also bought an iron on purpose the day before departure, I don't know Can a hotel in Bhutan provide such a complete service? I didn’t expect that it’s not just me, but many people.” Marriage plan: Do you want to have such a high-profile wedding? "Rouge Button", "Ruan Lingyu () ()", "Red Rose and White Rose", "Lan Yu ()", until the completion of "Song of Everlasting Regret" in 2006 - Guan Jinpeng has always looked at it from a unique perspective He is neither the most successful director at the box office nor the director with the most awards, but he is definitely the minority with the most unique angle.