Jiangsu responds to legislative disputes: Banning human flesh searches does not mean refusing to expose the "Xuzhou City Computer Information System Security Protection Regulations" just passed at the seventh meeting of the Standing Committee of the Eleventh Jiangsu Provincial People's Congress, reporter Jiang De of this newspaper, which is extremely popular. There are two reasons for the popularity. First, it was the first in the country to adopt legislation to prohibit the arbitrary distribution of other people's personal information on the Internet. Second, it caused widespread controversy once it was passed. In a survey conducted by a well-known website, nearly 90% of netizens believe that "human flesh search" has played a role in punishing evil and promoting good, and legislative prohibition is not conducive to online supervision. 77.9% of netizens believe that the legislation to stop the "human flesh search" is to support the "umbrella" for corrupt officials. Why does an otherwise mundane local legislation cause such a strong public reaction? A few days ago, the relevant persons in charge of the Legal Affairs Committee of the People's Congress of Jiangsu Province and Xuzhou City explained this. Providing or disclosing the information of others or units on the Internet is the main method currently called "Internet human flesh search". According to this "regulation" of Xuzhou, once the information distributed involves personal privacy, it violates the law. The "Regulations" stipulate that, without permission, disseminating other people's privacy, or providing or disclosing other people's information on the Internet, the publishers, disseminators and other offenders can be fined up to 5,000 yuan; if the circumstances are serious, computers will be banned within half a year. Internet access or shutdown; some units that violate the law may also face penalties of revoking their business licenses or disqualifying them from being connected to the Internet. The relevant person in charge of the Legal Affairs Committee of the Jiangsu Provincial People's Congress said that according to the provisions of my country's civil law, administrative law and criminal law, personal privacy is protected by law. Here, personal privacy refers to relevant information about individuals, including the age, personal or family property and composition, income status, residence, employer and treatment of individuals, especially women. Interpersonal communication, in particular, has often become the target of "human flesh searches" at the moment. "It is illegal to spread these." Relevant people from Jiangsu Province and Xuzhou Municipal People's Congress believe that the reason why the "Regulations" has caused such a big response is that the public has not Read the "Regulations" carefully. It is a "misunderstanding" to say that the "Regulations" prohibit "human flesh searches" altogether. Xuzhou's legislation does not simply prohibit "human flesh searches", such as reporting corrupt officials and exposing ugly phenomena, which are permitted by law, are not included. "We have some restrictions on 'human flesh search'." According to the relevant person in charge of the Standing Committee of the Xuzhou Municipal People's Congress, there are two main issues mentioned in the "Regulations". One is that Article 18 has a paragraph. Provisions: Without permission, no other person's information may be provided or disclosed; secondly, there is a provision in Article 19: not to disseminate other people's privacy, or to insult, slander, or intimidate others. "Unauthorized" is prohibited, and permitted is not prohibited. The "without permission" here includes both personal permission and permission of national laws and regulations. The person in charge especially emphasized that the masses exposed ugly phenomena through the Internet, reported the illegal behavior of leading cadres, and criticized social uncivilized behavior. For example, in 2008, Dong Feng, the former secretary of the Quanshan District Party Committee of Xuzhou City, was sacked. After the online report, it attracted the attention of relevant parties, and was investigated by the Disciplinary Committee and prosecuted by the prosecution. Such "human flesh searches" are not prohibited by law. What the "Regulations" prohibits is the normal privacy and information security searches of ordinary citizens. Because these searches usually have no public purpose, they also infringe on the legitimate rights and interests of others, and bring harm to citizens' personal life, work, family, and spirit. Relevant penalties have a legal basis. Experts from the Jiangsu Provincial People's Congress Legal Work Committee believe that the "human flesh search" prohibited by Xuzhou legislation "actually protects each of us." He told reporters that the relevant punishment provisions in Xuzhou's "Regulations" have legal basis. The basis includes the "Regulations on the Security Protection of Computer Information Systems" promulgated or approved by the State Council, "Regulations on the Administration of Business Sites for Internet Access Services", "Administrative Measures for the Security Protection of Computer Information Networks in International Networking", etc. "Actually, regulating network security and protecting personal privacy are also the requirements of the general public. Everyone admits that in recent years, personal privacy and information security have become increasingly insecure. The simplest thing is that if your personal mobile phone number is leaked online. , are you bothered? Xuzhou's legislation has this factor." said the expert. Of course, figuring out who is spreading information online can be tricky. Therefore, the "Regulations" specifically stipulates Internet cafes, hotels and other places that provide Internet access services to the public, requiring them to install the security system stipulated by the state, implement real-name registration for Internet users, and record relevant Internet access information, registration content and records are backed up and kept. The period shall not be less than 60 days, and the period of preservation shall not be deleted or changed. Once violated, the public security organ will give a warning, and may impose a fine of more than 1,000 yuan but less than 10,000 yuan. If the circumstances are serious, the business license can be revoked. As for those who spread the privacy of others online at home, the reporter learned from the Xuzhou Public Security Bureau that under the current technical conditions, it is not difficult to lock specific objects. The tort liability law will also be involved. In addition, according to the introduction of relevant experts from the Provincial People's Congress Legal Work Committee, the tort liability law that is currently soliciting opinions will also regulate "human flesh search" and "cyber violence". Because "human flesh search" has both a "moral judgment" and a "cyber violence" side. According to the Tort Liability Law (Draft), if network service providers know that network users use their network services to commit tortious acts and fail to take necessary measures, they shall be jointly and severally liable with the network users. Where network users use network services to commit infringing acts, the victim has the right to issue a notice to the network service provider requesting to delete or block the infringing content. If the network service provider fails to take necessary measures in a timely manner after being notified, it shall be jointly and severally liable. It is understood that the concept of "privacy rights" has not yet been defined in my country's laws, but the relevant content is stipulated in the Constitution, Criminal Law, and General Principles of Civil Law. It is generally believed that the privacy rights of public figures should be limited, but even officials who violate laws and disciplines have human dignity. When the Internet overexposes their privacy that has nothing to do with violations of laws and disciplines, they can also file civil lawsuits in accordance with the Civil Law's regulations on reputation rights. What is "human flesh search" "human flesh search" is a search method on the Internet by means of manual participation. One of the most controversial is the search for people. Thousands of people from all over the world search and excavate the same person through different channels and from different angles, and soon they can grasp all the information of this person, including personal privacy such as photos and ID numbers. Related reading: Xuzhou Legislation Bans Human Flesh Search Violators with a Maximum Fine of 5,000 Yuan