Interesting talk about working in the United States: Eating Western food in a Mercedes-Benz and cleaning the roof This is the first time I sit in a Mercedes-Benz, not to go to a meeting, not to eat, but to work. This time the roof was swept, and the landlord came to pick me up at Michigan State University in his Mercedes-Benz, I live on campus, and I don't have a car. After finishing the fight, this big Mercedes took me home again. It was the first time I enjoyed Mercedes-Benz and the first time I cleaned the roof. My treatment was quite high. On Sundays, I took advantage of the rest and went to work in an American home. On this day, the landlord asked me to clean the roof. I've cleaned before, but never the roof, wondering if the roof still needs cleaning. The roofs of American homes need to be cleaned once a year. Because Americans are lazy, this kind of work is published in the newspapers, and people are invited to clean it. If you read the newspapers, you will often find that there are many advertisements in the advertisement column for job seekers, which say how much dollars an hour and how long it takes. Usually $7 per hour, 4 hours each time. I didn't get this job from the newspaper, it was my regular customer who called me to help. I need this job because I can do it in the morning, and in the afternoon I have to work in a restaurant. 4 hours in the morning is from 10 am to 2 pm, I still have time to go to the restaurant to work. The restaurant is open at 5 pm, and every day. The so-called roof sweeping is to sweep out the leaves, bird nests, and other dirty things on the roof, and repair the sink under the eaves so that it will not be blocked. There is a lot of snow here in winter, and if the sink gets clogged, the snow melts and the roof collapses. Sweeping the roof seems like an easy job. The roofs of Americans are not the same as ours in China. The roofs of Chinese houses are tiled, and the roofs of American houses are the kind of linoleum we use. What is better than linoleum is that there are many small stones on their linoleum. , the purpose is to prevent heat. This linoleum tile is tiled on the roof, it looks good, there are various colors, red, green, black, everything. The home has a green roof and doesn't look like it needs cleaning at all. The family I work for are my regular customers, and I plant trees, cut grass, and fix gardens. Now his house needs to be cleaned, of course he invited me, I will not be lazy, I will work wholeheartedly, and get some wages to support my family. The host took me around the house and then led me to the garage in the back garden to get the ladder, broom, shovel, and other tools. This is nothing. For me, I would climb the roof when I was 6 years old. Climbing the roof to dig out the bird's nest was a hobby when I was a child. Sometimes I could get the eggs and cook them at home. . If you find birds, they will even take out their nests, take them home, cover them with cotton, and dig silkworms into the soil every day to feed the birds. Birds don't recognize people. Every time they open their nests, they see every bird opening its big yellow mouth, asking for something to eat, and squeaking. If you want to catch a big bird, you have to go at night. The bird can't be seen at night. As long as you put your hand in quietly, you can definitely catch it, but don't let go, the big bird will cut your hand, and as soon as you let it go, it will fly. I have cultivated the ability to climb high and low since I was a child, and I am very naughty. After 30 years, I didn't expect to climb high and low again, and be naughty again. This kind of ladder in the United States is very small, very light, made of aluminum alloy, and can be retracted. I pulled the ladder away, reached the top of the eaves, and fixed it with two stones at the bottom corner of the ladder, so as not to slip, because I have no insurance, it will be very troublesome if I fall off the ladder. For safety's sake, I asked this old gentleman to help me with the ladder, and since you can pick me up with a Benz, you can also help me with the ladder. I was like a boss, calling him around, asking him to hand me a broom, a towel, and a rake, as if I wasn't working for him, but he was working for me work. To fix everything, I climbed up and took off my socks, so as not to slip, the tiles on the house have a lot of sand and gravel, if you wear socks, it will be very slippery, take off the socks, the contact surface between the feet and the roof It's big and not easy to slip. I shook my hand to let him go back, I don't like him watching me work, I'd get goosebumps if he stared at me. The old man was well-mannered and walked away knowingly. This is a big house, the house of an Indian lawyer. Before, he wanted to help me with immigration and asked me a lot of questions, but I didn't ask him because my boss was an Indian and was very stingy with others. So I can't find him. I just work and get paid by the hour. Due to the size of the house, the roof has many different designs. In some places, the water distribution of the houses is very large, and the roofs are very steep; in some places, the water distribution is very small, and the houses are very flat, and all the roofs must be cleaned. I started cleaning from top to bottom. What I am very puzzled about is that the brooms in the United States are so small, and the width of the brooms is only 1.5 cm and the area is only 1/4 of the size of China. What can such a small broom do. China's brooms are more powerful, big and strong, and efficient, and their speed is much faster than that of the United States. Isn't the United States a high-efficiency country, but the broom alone is not as good as China. I called the landlord to see if there was a bigger broom, it was too slow. He trotted over, and I asked why your American brooms are so small, can you make a bigger one? He shrugged, meaning that your brother will give it a shot, and that's all I need. If you want a bigger one, you'll have to wait a while and get it for you. Only later did I learn that American household hygiene uses vacuum cleaners, not brooms. Vacuum cleaners were used in the United States decades ago. This kind of broom designed in the United States is very reasonable. This kind of broom is only used to clean the places where the vacuum cleaner cannot suck and the things in the narrow slits, so the design is so narrow. If there is larger and more garbage, the United States has advanced machines, and those who do not need a broom to sweep the streets are all sweepers and windmills. The home is generally very clean, and there is no need for such a reckless broom. Even with this small broom, I finished the cleaning very quickly. When I looked at the time, I finished cleaning in less than an hour. What do I do with the rest of the time. I have to count the time, don't finish the work, it's not time yet, my wages are calculated by time. I'm going to clean up the roof and then pick up the fallen leaves, which will take 4 hours. Working in the United States, you can do it slowly, but you can’t stop, as long as the landlord sees you working. At 12 o'clock, the landlord suddenly asked me to go down. I said that it was not over yet. He told me to go down first and put me a lunch, a pot of Indian black tea, and a cup on the table in the garden. This old man is really nice, he can think of giving me a Western meal, and I happen to be hungry too. Don't be polite in the United States. If you are welcome, there is no Western food, because he thinks you don't need it. Unlike us Chinese, they are more reserved, don't say anything when they are hungry, and are embarrassed to eat other people's food. I don't, I work for you, as long as you give it to me, why not. They don't have to give me lunch. We usually don't prepare lunch when we work, and we do it ourselves, but the landlord doesn't have to. Landlords can do so if they want to. This lunch is a sandwich, which is the most basic cold food in the United States. This kind of cold food is usually placed in the freezer of gas stations and shopping malls. This sandwich is triangular in shape, $2 a piece in the United States, with a piece of ham and a piece of lettuce, very simple. The old man also gave me a plastic fork and knife, and a small piece of butter. Today's work is worth it, sitting in a Mercedes-Benz, eating Western food, with Erlang's legs crossed, and if I order Erguotou------, I am very happy to sit in a chair and enjoy this lunch, because I rarely eat this kind of thing, we Most of the meals are Chinese. After eating and drinking tea, I can't say that I am full of food and drink. At least I am well-off, my body is warm, and my strength is stronger. The important thing is that the family is good and can think of others. After cleaning the drain on the roof, put away the ladder, and start sweeping the leaves on the floor. The leaves on the roof are easy to sweep, because from top to bottom, but too many leaves are swept down, and it is difficult to clean. With this small broom, this effect will be sweeping to the year of the monkey and the month of the horse. I told the landlord if there is a bigger broom, because this kind of small broom can't be cleaned on time. The little old man ran to another garage and took out a long cylindrical guy that he could carry on his back. This was a blower. I saw a blower when I went to the countryside, it was used to screen wheat. Americans actually used him for cleaning fallen leaves. He asked me if I would use the big guy. Of course I don't, I haven't seen it before. I weighed this blower, it's quite heavy, it weighs dozens of pounds, and it needs gasoline. I'm certainly willing to learn to use new tools, you teach me. I saw the Indian landlord put on the earphones, and then pulled a rope from the inside of the fan with his hand. Suddenly, the fan made a deafening sound. The leaves that fell on the ground were blown to the side. It turns out that the United States is a developed country, and the reason for not making big brooms is that there are better equipment, which is hundreds of times stronger than brooms. The huge airflow blows all the leaves aside, and can also blow away leaves and dirt in the bushes. I carried the fan on my back, put on my earphones, and put on goggles, not only to clean the leaves swept off the roof, but also to blow out the dirt in the original yard. I was blowing the wind on one side, and the old man made his hand on the other side, using a rake to gather the leaves and put them in a black plastic bag. When packing the plastic bag, it is not loaded by hand, but with a special rake, which can be stretched into the pile of leaves like a cover, and then when the handle is pulled, the head of the cover will shrink and hold the leaves tightly. Then pour it into a plastic bag, so as to avoid bending over, otherwise there are so many leaves, how many times to bend over to complete. I think the old man's tough body and bones turned out to be the secret weapon. The old man's leaves were packed with more than 20 bags of plastic bags. If it weren't for this leaf nail rake, his waist would be useless today. I have never seen this thing before. I think I will buy this thing at home in the future, because every autumn and winter come, I have to sweep the leaves and put the leaves in a plastic bag, so I will use this thing. But my house is relatively small, so I don't need to buy that hair dryer, just use a rake to clean the yard. This is the story of me sitting in a Mercedes Benz, eating western food, taking US dollars, and sweeping the roof.