Reflections on going abroad: Studying in the United States to become a "prosecutor" (picture) Attorney Zou Linlin, Bachelor of Laws and Master of Laws from the Department of Law of Fudan University in Shanghai, Master of Political Science from Indiana State University, and Doctor of Laws from St. Louis University School of Law. He has engaged in legal work in Blackwell Sanders Peper Martin, Bernheimer & Blau, Junhe Law Firm, Tongda Law Firm, Haoying Law Firm and Zhejiang Academy of Social Sciences in the United States, and currently serves as a senior partner of Bangxinyang Law Firm. St. Louis University in Missouri, Missouri, as a Juris Doctor in the United States. An important experience of law school study is the internship. My first summer internship was at the District Attorney's Office (equivalent to the Attorney's Office) in St. Louis. The second year was an internship at a large law firm in Kansas City. These two internships are great additions to a boring law school career. St. Louis is a large city in the American Midwest with a consistently high crime rate. It's not easy being a prosecutor in a city like this. The "prosecutor" experience in the summer vacation for a few months also gave me a deeper understanding of the city and American society. Visiting Prisons: As part of the training, we were arranged to visit city and state prisons to see the life of prisoners in the United States. The city prison is right next to the police station and is heavily guarded, but the inside is fairly clean. The place where lawyers meet prisoners is interesting, separated by glass. Lawyers and prisoners can only look at each other and talk on the walkie-talkie. Late-night drug control: One night, I was assigned to follow a drug control team to catch drug criminals. We all wore bulletproof vests inside and civilian clothes outside, and patrolled in vans (vans) with advanced eavesdropping and remote sensing equipment. After 10 o'clock, in a residential area with many black people, we locked a den, and the police entered the room with guns and arrested a few people. I was assigned to watch in the back. First Degree Murder Trial: I had the privilege of partnering with a senior prosecutor in a first degree murder trial. The case has had two miscarriages before: one when it was later discovered that someone on the jury had a relative who was a fired police officer, he did not disclose. Another time, the public prosecutor was a novice and was actually made to cry on the spot by the cunning defense lawyer. We have made full preparations for this case, including visiting the family members and witnesses of the involved persons, and the detectives also gave us good cooperation. However, the entire trial process was still ups and downs and thrilling. The trial begins with the selection of a jury on Monday morning and ends around 6 p.m. Friday, a full week. It also took the jury a day to reach a guilty verdict, and the judge then handed down a life sentence. Looking back on this experience, I feel that I have learned a lot and have a deeper understanding of the work of prosecutors and judges in the United States. (Reporter Grim Rong/Interview)