Interpretation of Baoge’s odds: A customer’s loss is lower than the Gunners’ advantage. Aocai sees a high Tottenham win. 1. Black VS Fulham. On average, under the same odds, since last season, the Premier League home team has 1 win, 4 draws and 2 losses, favoring the visiting team. Bombo raised the main win and pay, echoing William's point of view. 2. Liverpool VS Stoke recommendation: 3 The bookmakers have the same opinion, the main win is mostly in the range of 1.22-1.20, and William's main win is a lower 1.20. Under the same odds, there have been cold draws, but Liverpool twice In home games, they all beat their opponents. Football Lottery has no unpopularity. 3. Tottenham VS Wigan Recommendation: 3 The main win is around 1.62, and the advantage of Tottenham is not small. Although bwin has raised the main winning odds, the increase is only 0.05. Under the similar odds after adjustment, the Premier League home team has 4 wins and 1 draw. The initial auction of Aocai is half/1, and the spot remains half/1. The home team has a high winning rate. 4. West Ham VS Newcastle recommendation: 30 Newcastle’s military is unstable, West Ham may be hot, and currently bwin and other early drop the main winning compensation to control the risk of West Ham winning the game. William's main win is a lower 1.91, but with the same odds, there are a lot of Premier League away wins. Football Lottery go 30. 5. Bolton VS Arsenal Recommendation: 0 From the perspective of the confrontation, Bolton has made Arsenal difficult for many times, but their strength is limited this season, and they can only struggle to avoid relegation. Judging from the odds, the odds of winning away from home such as bwin have been continuously reduced by as much as 0.20. The intention to be optimistic about Arsenal is quite obvious. 6. West Brom VS Villa recommendation: 01 Most of the betting disks are for Villa's guest handicap/half, and the ability to handicap the ball away has already demonstrated the strength of Villa. Judging from the changes in the odds, Coral and bwin both lowered the compensation for customer wins early to control the risk of paying for Villa's winning. Otobo 0. 7. Chelsea VS Manchester United recommendation: In the top 30 dialogue, bookmakers offer more odds combinations of two, three and three. However, under the same odds as William, the Premier League home team has 8 wins, 2 draws and 5 losses, and the football lottery 0 is indispensable. 8. Manchester City VS Portsmouth Recommendation: 30 Portsmouth's recent two-game winning streak has attracted many lottery players. However, the main win of bwin is still at a low level. Under similar odds, the home team of the Premier League wins. Football Lottery temporarily go 30. 9. Bayern VS Bremen recommendation: 13 In the last 3 home matches, Bayern have not defeated Bremen, but the dealer still gives a main win of around 1.70. However, under the same odds of Ladbrokes, the last 4 Bundesliga games have drawn 3 draws; SSP's latest Bundesliga game with the same odds is also a draw. Football Lottery first choice 1, second choice 3. 10. Schalke VS Frank recommendation: 3 Ladbrokes main win is a lower 1.44. Under the same odds, since last season, the home team has scored 3 points in 5 Bundesliga games. bwin has not adjusted, the main win is 1.45 + the draw is 3.90, and there are few upsets in the Bundesliga. Football Lottery rest assured. 11. Wolf VS Hamburg recommendation: 10 AOC gave an initial draw. Under this handicap, the Bundesliga visiting team has 3 wins and 3 draws this season. In the past confrontation, Wolff had 5 wins, 5 draws and 2 losses against Hamburg at home. In a tie, the home team was a bit cheaper, and the visiting team was more favorable. Football Lottery Preferred 1. 12. Stuttgart VS Kars Recommendation: 31 Kars suffered a losing streak and only received one goal as a guest. The upper plate seems cheap, and it may become a big hit, making it difficult to play. With the same odds, the Bundesliga home team has 17 wins, 11 draws and 4 losses, and the chance of a draw is not small. 13. Kotbu VS Bochum recommendation: 30 From the odds point of view, the bookmakers offer more combinations of 2, 3, 2, and many of them are even more than 3.20, so they are not optimistic about the draw between the two teams. Under the same odds as Ladbrokes, since last season, the Bundesliga home team has 8 wins, 1 draw and 4 losses, which supports the football lottery 30 point of view. 14. Borussia VS Hertha recommendation: 10 Ladbrokes wins and loses 2.20 is basically the lowest, but with the same odds, since 2008, the Bundesliga home team has 5 draws and 2 losses, and the chance of a draw is very high. Taking into account the early actions of bwin and others, as well as past confrontations, the football lottery is optimistic about the visiting team.