The nomination analysis of the 65th Golden Globe Awards: a melee, full of suspense "Golden Globes Nominations ("GG" for short) officially announced the nominations in the early morning of December 13, local time in the United States. The awards banquet was scheduled to start on time at 8:00 pm on January 13, 2008. The epic "Atonement", which is set in World War II, has been nominated for seven awards, and it can be said that it has blossomed everywhere; Ang Lee's "Lust, Caution" (Lust, Caution) was only shortlisted for the best foreign language film award - widely received beforehand Fans were looking forward to Tang Wei's nomination for best drama actress and Alexandre Desplat's nomination for best soundtrack, but they failed to come true. Five-nomination "Charlie Wilson's War" follows in the footsteps of "Atonement"; "No Country for Old Men," "Michael Clayton," "The Barber" Todd (Sweeney Todd) three seeds, with a narrower gap (four nominations) to bite the "Charlie's War", ... These five films together constitute the first group. My predicted hit rate is 82% (41/50, but the final total quota this year was added to 52 seats by the organizers), which is slightly better than last year. Below, I will analyze the "Oscar wind direction" indicated by this year's Golden Globe nominations one by one by combining the pre-prediction and the actual list (◎=Asserted to be nominated, ○=Predicted to be nominated, ▲=Alternative mentioned, ★ =Totally unexpected): The hit rate of this prediction: 100% (the two more mentioned, let's ignore it..., ^Q^) I have always been afraid to speculate on the Hollywood Foreign Press Association with the worst malice. , However, I didn't expect it, and I don't believe it would come to this point -- the best drama film actually nominated seven films in one go! ! ! "Atonement", known as "2007's "The English Patient", has finally recovered after its continuous failure at the film critics' awards at various stations, but it is hard not to remind people of "Cold Mountain" in this situation. The only difference is that the producer has changed from Miramax, who was dying in the past, but is now full of momentum, to the focus of the once vigorous and now desperate, somewhat vicissitudes. It's no wonder that Focus Pictures is anxious to get angry: the year before, the little golden man abandoned "Broken Arm Mountain" cruelly under the situation of "the world is harmonious, but dare to be with the king"; last year, the troops were divided but the birds and beasts were scattered; After "Night", "Tell Me", and "Road to Redemption" one after another, "Atonement" finally boiled over. On the other hand, the Miramaxes who changed the dynasty: From "Mrs. Henderson's Opera House" to "The Queen", and then to "No Country for Old Men" + "Before Blood" + "Diving Bell and Butterfly", the new leadership team not only It did not become a laughing stock in the industry, but it made people feel sincerely that "it would be better without Weinstein". The so-called "one day's absence is like three autumns." It's especially interesting to watch Atonement vs. No Country for Old Men in this context. In the era of "Cold Mountain", we were in awe when we met "Atonement"; after "Million Baby" and "Crash", we knew how to sneer at "Babel" which "pretends to be the best picture". But to what extent can GG, who continues to be aware of behind the rapidly transforming little golden man, turn around? Oscar gave "Crash", a year later, GG took pictures of cats and tigers; seeing that Oscar gave "Infernal Affairs" again, and this year just happened to have "American Gangster",... I hope GG will stop drawing gourds in the same way, otherwise it will be too unskilled content. The hit rate of this prediction: 60% Contrary to last year's absolute dominance of comedy, this year, the music category is on the rise again. This is not only reflected in the fact that "The Savage Family" was swept out of the house, and the junior sister "Juno" completely replaced it (this is also the only one of the 25 candidates who I asserted beforehand to be nominated); the more exaggerated representation is undoubtedly "Crossing the Sphere" "Upsetting the top, ... it may be understood that the influence of the Beatles is "causing trouble". The success of "Hairspray" can be regarded as a GG characteristic, and the equally popular "Magic" was not selected. It can be considered as "the nominated heroine Amy Adams is enough to represent the whole film", and "Hairspray" > "Magic" Romance"" to illustrate the latter reason, and the same is true for "Big Belly". In theory, the ultimate showdown will be between "Sweeney Todd" and "Charlie's War", which is similar to the two best films in the plot category, and once again puts the PK of "Ghost VS Pacesetter" on the agenda. From this point of view, the number of nominations for the "Charlie" camp, which ranks second in the list, is easy to understand, especially the best screenwriter that is the most insightful - as expected of Aaron Sorkin, who produced "The White House". It is not easy to kill the blood this year when good scripts are flying all over the sky, but it must be admitted that Soxhlet has benefited from popularity more or less. On the other hand, "Juno": the little-known newcomer is actually famous on the screenwriter award list, does it imply that "Juno" is a dark horse in the best music/comedy film award...! ? The hit rate of this prediction: 60% The most unpredictable director unit, although the actor's background is easy to exchange for the back door, Sean Penn is still famous, echoing the annihilation of "Wild Survival" in other major awards. On the basis of the domineering three geniuses of Bolton and the Coen brothers, GG still bravely chose Shaw Bell from the "vision department", which is worthy of applause; it is a pity that the low-key "handsome director" Paul Thomas Anderson "disappeared" and could only Feeling "fish and bear's paw, can not have both". Now no one should doubt that Joe White is the "Captain Road" of this year's cutting-edge group; as for the masters, the BFCA (Broadcast Film Critics Association Award) loves Sidney Lumet, and GG has a green eye on Ridley Scott ——I hope that the golden man will let the two bosses step aside and give the opportunity to PT Anderson, Jason Reitman, Tamara Jenkins and other fresh blood. Predicted hit rate: 100% A decent one, Clooney and Day-Lewis will have no suspense on the Oscar list, and more words must be said. McAvoy and Mortensen are from the same family. I hope that the focus is not on the fans of the authorities. In order to facilitate "Atonement" to make a difference in the Best Picture Award, the number of nominations for the film in other departments should be expanded as much as possible - the best actor unit has a good chance of winning: McAvoy monopolized this year's "Young Actor Encouragement Ticket" and the "Compensation Ticket" that "The Last Dictatorship" lost last year; while Mortensen only had an advantage in "The History of Violence" "Compensation Ticket". The Washington actor dispatched by Focus's parent company Universal is equally sturdy, mainly because Washington is the most promising black actor to be nominated for the acting award this year when "the mother in the play" Ruby Tee declined before the war. Support tickets" will flow in. Predicted hit rate for this project: 80% Johnny Depp is a mess, making this unit as boring as a director's award (the Coen brothers have an overwhelming advantage). When I predicted the nominations, I said: GG accidentally snubbed Gosling's "Half Nelson" last year, and the starting point for choosing him was pure apology. John C. Reilly was shortlisted by surprise, more like a publicity campaign for the upcoming "Never Stop", and the "Crossing the Sky" in the same door was also unusual in the Best Music/Comedy Film Award, which shows that Sony's research is in place. . Seymour Hoffman was also nominated for Best Supporting Actor for Charlie's War, making his competitiveness in this department plummet. Even if Hanks is the only one who can claim to have a chance to contain Depp, in the face of "the concluding commendation of the "Pirates of the Caribbean" trilogy", he still has to back away, ... or simply put "back to the side". The hit rate of this prediction: 100% Although we have already expected it, we should still regret Tang Wei's unfortunate fall: last time, Zhang Ziyi ("Memoirs of a Geisha") was only one breath away from being shortlisted. Oscar-winning actress; this time, there was a lot of scolding, and it was Tang Wei, who was nominated for a frustrated GG actress. It's really difficult to call on everyone to pay more attention to politics and literature. It is a pity that Hollywood attaches great importance to the trend of public opinion in the motherland of foreign actors. Closer to home, because it is GG rather than Oscar's selection, Christie may not be much stronger than the star-studded Julie and Knightley, and the focus company should use their brains - this is almost the "most and only" expected to win the acting award for "Atonement" section. The hit rate of this prediction: 80% It was known in advance that the local battle situation would be the most chaotic this year, and Laura Linney was indeed turned away. The fierce competition between Adams, Gotia and Peggy has become the biggest suspense of this GG! ! ! The three women have one thing in common, that is: they are the souls of the entries, and commending them is tantamount to affirming the entire film. But "Juno" also competed for the best screenwriter, "Magic" was a strong finalist for the best song; and "Life of the Rose" was "successfully" out of the best foreign language film, only this one nomination,... I hope this is not GG Members intentionally foreshadowed it. Plus, Nikki Bronski beat Kathleen Hill, just as "Hairspray" ousted "Big Belly" in the Best Musical/Comedy category. The hit rate of this prediction: 100% Hal Holbrook is really "no place for the old", and Travolta, who can fully inject energy into the awards ceremony, easily wins, the so-called GG characteristic. The remaining four are on the list of BFCA at the same time, which shows their strength. I wanted to say that Balton's male supporting trophy has been captured, but an interesting phenomenon attracted me - Seymour Hoffman, who split the ticket, and Tom Hanks, who played on the same stage in "Charlie's War", were in music / The weaker the actor in the comedy category, the more confident Seymour Hoffman will be in this unit, which is also the biggest (final...!?) hope for "Charlie" in the entire nomination list. Predicted hit rate: 60% Jennifer Jason Leigh became the "missing baby" due to the poor quality of "Margot at the Wedding". "Three Girls of Atonement" fell into the quagmire of "dividing votes" due to the different calibers of GG and BFCA. Of course, the responsibility lies with the issuer who worries about gains and losses. Julia Roberts, who was forced to return to the screen due to bad reviews in the theater industry, really enjoyed the welcome of GG members. Whether Ryan's score on the film critics' front can be effectively brought into GG, I have a question mark; on the other hand, Blanchett, who was also shortlisted for drama queens, is like Philip Seymour Hoffman. "Unspoken rules. The hit rate of this prediction: 80% First of all, congratulations to "Lust, Caution" for breaking through the siege and leaping to the gantry. Ang Lee's "Oscar Best Director" crown really didn't go in vain. At the same time, "The Diving Bell and the Butterfly" nominated for the best director has obvious advantages, and Cheng Yaojin on Fenghou Road is the "Best European Film Award + Palme d'Or winner of the Cannes Film Festival" "April Three Weeks and Two Days". "I grew up in Iran" squeezed out "La Vizie de la Rose" with two birds with one stone: it secures the animated film award for "Ratatouille" and helps Marion Cotillard become the "underdog" of the music/comedy actress ", very cunning. Similarly, once Amy Adams and Ellen Page lost to Cotillard, "Magic"/"Juno" immediately became the top seed for best song/best screenplay; as for the soundtrack, although GG was Nominated for "Happiness Is Gone" for flattering Master Clint Eastwood, but Gustavo Santa Olea of "Survival in the Wild" seems to be the most royal. Bi Chenggong (blog)/Text