Ren Dahua claims to promote the Olympic Games more than "Wenque" (Photos) "Wenque", which To Qifeng spent four years polishing, is about to be released. Now the Olympic boom is booming, and the cinema will inevitably be affected, so "Wenque" is scheduled to be released two days before the end of the Olympics. The August 22 release to avoid the head. On the 13th, "Wenque" starring Ren Dahua, Lin Xilei (blog), and Lin Jiadong came to Guangzhou. In addition to sharing the joys and sorrows of filming with reporters at the press conference, sports fan Ren Dahua couldn't contain the excitement of watching the game in recent days. The theme of the Olympic Games For a while, the crowd became the focus of the topic. In order to see the lack of sleep at the Olympics, when he mentioned the Olympics, Ren Dahua gushed endlessly. Ren Dahua, who was an athlete, has always had a feeling for sports that is hard to give up. "Actually, I like every sports, because basically every sports is aimed at sports. Train different body parts. For a person to be very well-proportioned, they should be involved in different types of sports. For example, if you only play football, your legs will be very large; if you only play basketball, your arms will be very large. So you Seeing how fit I am now is because I like to play any sports." He said with a smile. Since you like sports so much, do you plan to train your daughter to be an Olympic star? Brother Hua said that the premise of exercising now is to hope for good health. Although her daughter is very young, she has already begun to cultivate her love of sports. In this summer vacation, in order to let his daughter learn the normal swimming posture, Ren Dahua specially asked a teacher to adjust his swimming posture, so that he can have a more standard demonstration when he goes swimming with his daughter in the future. "I think using sports to communicate is also a way of parent-child communication." "It doesn't matter if my daughter loves sports or not, but I don't want her to join the entertainment industry, because staying up late is not good for girls' skin." At the meeting, Ren Dahua showed a unique skill he learned in "Wenque", which is to turn the blade in his mouth. Ren Dahua even instructed the on-site reporters not to take pictures or take pictures, because this unique skill has certain dangers. If a child sees the picture and becomes curious to imitate it, he may hurt himself. Lin Xilei: I am neither gentle nor charming. Lin Xilei plays a mysterious woman who plays Ren Dahua, Lin Jiadong and other four old "Wenques" in the palm of her hand. She has a beautiful appearance in the film, and her seductive or sad expression makes her People are deeply impressed, and Du Qifeng is not stingy with film, and many shots are close-up, which shows that he has a lot of love for Lin Xilei. However, Lin Xilei has always been in awe of Du Qifeng. She recalled that when she first collaborated with Du Qifeng on "Full Time Killer", it took three weeks to shoot before she dared to speak to Director Du. When a reporter praised her for her gentle and charming look in the film, Lin Xilei immediately said, "I am neither gentle nor charming." "Wenque" took three and a half years to shoot, and she was most impressed by high heels and smoking. In "Wenque", there are many scenes where Lin Xilei wears three- or four-inch high heels walking on the street. Although she looks graceful and graceful, she is actually miserable. In addition to attending awards ceremonies and other specific occasions, Lin Xilei usually does not wear high heels, but wears sneakers for comfort. Lin Xilei sprained her foot in the first scene of "Wenque" wearing high-heeled shoes, but she didn't expect Du Qifeng to show no pity for Xiangxiyu. Even if Lin Xilei's foot was swollen, she didn't mean to stop work. It is still different from the Hong Kong version. Because it often involves sensitive themes, To Qifeng's films are often in an embarrassing situation. If they are to be released in the Mainland, they will either change the title of the film or be edited so that the audience is "in the fog". "Wenque" was released this time. It is said that after a long period of mainland film review, the "full film release" was not cut at all. However, when the reporter watched the film in the morning, the 75-minute film was much shorter than the 87-minute Hong Kong version. At the end of the film, Ren Dahua drove the four people on a bicycle and said, "Work has started," and then a voice-over appeared saying, "After this incident. We decided to be a new person", this ending is different from the Hong Kong version.