After seven rounds, the dark horse of this season's sweat and blood finally appeared, and the boss was laid off. They are even more terrible. Sina Sports News Beijing time on December 26, Beijing played a 104-89 comeback victory over Jiangsu team and won six consecutive victories. Francis still truce in this game. This is also the longest winning streak the Beijing team has won in the last five seasons, after the Beijing team won seven consecutive victories in the 05-06 season. In the 2005-06 season, the Beijing team with Battelle was invincible in the regular season, winning 31 wins and 9 losses in the 40 rounds of the regular season. The winning rate of 77.5% is also Beijing's highest winning rate in a single season so far. That season, the Beijing team created the longest seven-game winning streak in team history, but now, the Beijing team is replicating its former glory. After losing the first game to Xinjiang, Beijing has won six-game winning streak. If the six-game winning streak is already surprising, then there is more. That is, the current Beijing team is still a lame team. Although it has a super-brand foreign aid like Francis, in fact, the Beijing team has one less foreign aid. At present, Francis's state cannot play at all, let alone bring help to the team. What if the Beijing team replaces Francis? Not to mention that in exchange for a super score like the Xinjiang team Dolby, even an ordinary foreign defender will make the Beijing team's lineup very scary. Looking closely at this six-game winning streak, the Beijing team is not just relying on luck. From the lineup point of view, even without Francis, the Beijing team still has a very complete lineup. On the inside, Morris and Abbas can definitely be called the two best inside foreign aids in the current league. Morris can attack and defend well, averaging 33.3 points, 12.6 rebounds, 3 assists, 1.85 steals and 1.7 blocks per game, and still occupies the throne of the league scoring list until now. Abbas, while retaining the defensive ability he showed in Shanghai last season, has also increased his role on the offensive end. He is currently averaging 15.7 points, 11 rebounds, 1.8 assists, 1.4 steals and 1.8 assists per game. caps. In addition to these two beasts on the inside, the Beijing team also sat on the bench of the Beijing team, Sun Mingming, who was taller than Yao Ming. Ji's hand shot also caused headaches for many team defenders. The strength of the inside line seems to be flawless, and the Beijing team's backcourt is also very strong. Although Zhang Yunsong's retirement has caused the team to lack a most trustworthy scoring point, the arrival of Li Xuelin has completely made up for his vacancy. So far, Li Xuelin's average of 7 points, 5.7 rebounds, 3.3 assists and 2.2 steals per game may not seem amazing, but his organizational ability in the backcourt is the key to the healthy operation of the entire team. And you must not think that averaging 7 points per game means that Li Xuelin has no offensive ability. He is proficient in breakthroughs and shooting, but Xuelin is more willing to focus on organizing offenses. On the 2nd and 3rd positions, the Beijing team also has players such as Chen Lei and Xie Libin who have been selected for the national team. Their perimeter skills are among the best in the entire league. Abbas and Morris attract After the inside defense, their outside ability has fully exploded this season. Just imagine, if the Beijing team used this lineup of six-game winning streak as the team, after laying off Francis, they invited an excellent swingman in the front and back. How terrifying the strength of the Beijing team will become. In the second half of the game, the Beijing team sent a lineup of three foreign aids. Which team in the league could stand it? (Jia Lei)