Bao Ge is on the scene: William Hill supports Wigan to win Bayern encounter unpopular odds This Saturday issue of "Football 310", we have made statistics on the rollover of the previous three consecutive football lotteries, and found that the fourth During the period, there was one 5 million yuan, two first prize vacancies, and the other two first prizes were about one million yuan. From a statistical point of view, after 3 consecutive first prize vacancies, the possibility of another grand prize in this period Not small; in addition, judging from the current matchup, only 4 games with the low-paying side within 1.80, it is very difficult to choose courage, and there are national team competitions before, and European competitions after, continuous battles are not small for players’ physical strength. In the test of high difficulty, the bonus is generally not low. 1. Liverpool VS Manchester United recommendation: 13 In the past 12 league matches, Manchester United has won 11 times. Liverpool's only victory was in the 03/04 season when they defeated their opponents 1-0 away and suffered a losing streak at home. However, under the tie, the visiting team did not form a big hit. The water level of the Ao Lottery visiting team was as low as 0.76, but it rose all the way, and now it reaches as much as 0.90. The water level of the Hong Kong Football Lottery visiting team is as high as 0.96. The winning pay water level, which has changed a lot from the situation in the middle of the week. From the perspective of odds, the adjustment actions of bookmakers are not uniform, but most of them have lowered the odds of a draw, and the intention to control the risk of draw losses is obvious. For example, William Hill initially offered 2.80 3.00 2.30, and adjusted it to 2.90 3.10 when increasing the odds. 2.50, the current home win and peace loss have returned to the original odds value, but the guest win has risen to 2.70, and the move of the guest win has risen sharply, indicating that Manchester United is not likely to win again. bet365 has also made a similar adjustment to William's odds. The main win has been continuously lowered, and the guest win has been continuously raised; the Eurobet flat loss has dropped from the original 3.10 to the current 2.87, a decrease of as much as 0.23. The probability of a draw between the two teams is the highest, and the first choice of football lottery is 1, and the second choice is Liverpool to win. 2. Black VS Arsenal Recommendation: 10 In the last 10 league matches, Arsenal got 8 wins, 1 draw and 1 loss, occupying an absolute advantage. However, bookmakers such as Aocai and bet365 often give away the hemisphere. For Arsenal, a win means a win, which is too cheap. Such cheap deals often contain the possibility of unpopularity. The initial market and the betting market of Ao Cai are both the away hemisphere. When the market opened like this before, the Premier League visiting team won 6 and drew 4, and there were many draws. Judging from the odds, the customer winning side has not formed a big hit. At present, the adjustment of the odds is relatively scattered, which shows that the market has a big difference in the views of this game, but from the trading odds of the exchange, the draw odds are in a downward trend. Optimistic about the funds for a draw between the two teams. William Hill's initial loss is 3.80 3.25 1.80. Under the same odds, the Premier League will be a draw; under the same odds of SSP, the Premier League away team has 2 wins and 2 draws; under the same odds of bwin, the Premier League away team has 1 win and 2 draws. Beware of everyone The single-choice guest wins are unstable, and the football lottery check 10. 3. Fulham VS Bolton Recommendation: 31 The initial set and the bet set of Aocai are the main draw and half. When the market opened like this recently, the Premier League home team won 8 wins and 3 losses, and there have been no draws in 11 games. From the point of view of the odds, bet365, bwin, etc. have lowered the main winning pay early to control the risk of Fulham winning the game, but it is still mostly above 2.00, even if the main winning pay is 1.90 SSP, the same odds are in La Liga Even in a draw, I don't dare to have much confidence in the home team's victory. When William Hill increased the odds, all three odds were raised. The increase of the main win and the tie was 0.10, and the tie was 0.30. However, under the same odds after adjustment, the Premier League home team has 5 draws and 1. Negative, more draws. Under the same odds of Ladbrokes, the Premier League home team has 53 wins, 27 draws and 16 losses. Under the same SSP odds, the Premier League home team has 2 wins, 2 draws and 1 loss. Both believe that the home team has a higher probability of being unbeaten. It seems that while there is a conflict between the European and Asian markets, we need to trust the opinions of local European companies. Currently, we are optimistic about the football lottery. 4. Newcastle VS Hull City Recommendation: 13 The two teams have not faced each other in recent years, but the strength of Newcastle is much higher than that of their opponents. Winning is definitely the first choice for many lottery players. However, as a local authoritative gaming company, William Hill's main win is as high as 1.70, which is currently the second highest value, which is obviously high. Usually, this is a sign that the bookmaker is not optimistic about the home team's win. Last time Bolton was drawn at home by West Brom. , that's how William Hill started. Under the same odds of William before the adjustment, the Premier League home team had 4 wins, 3 draws and 1 loss; when the odds were increased, William raised the draw and the away win at the same time. Under the same odds, the Premier League home team had 1 win and 1 draw. Lham drew 0-0 with Derby County at home. Judging from the changes in odds, companies such as Interwetten and Fortuna have raised the main winning claim early, while lowering the equal claim and the guest win claim. Chance, Net Bo, etc. also reduced the level of compensation by 0.10 early, in order to control the compensation risk of the draw between the two teams. Football Lottery first choice 1, second choice 3. 5. Portsmouth VS Middler recommendation: 3 Portsmouth beat Everton 3-0 away in the last round, and while winning the first league victory, it also made the team's confidence high; Middler won at home and lost away. , which belongs to normal performance. From the point of view of the market, the initial market of Aocai is the main handicap, but at present, the main handicap in the hemisphere is betting, and the water level in the upper market is constantly falling, and the market trend is in favor of the home team. From the point of view of the odds, the betting company has offered a combination of odds of 2-3-3 or 1-33, and many companies have lowered the main winning pay early to control the payout risk of the home team winning. It is worth noting that when Ladbrokes increased the payout ratio, all three items were raised, but the main win payout was a bit high. Now they have adjusted it again, the main win payout has been reduced to 2.00, and the even payout and guest win payout are different. The degree of uplift, the intention is quite obvious. When the bet365 odds are adjusted, the draw will rise to a higher level of 3.50, and the customer win will drop to a certain extent, which can rule out the possibility of a draw. Before William Hill raised the odds, under the same odds, the Premier League home team had 4 wins and 1 draw. All things considered, football betting 3. 6. West Brom VS West Ham Recommendation: 30 From the performance of the new season, West Brom is undefeated in 3 games, while West Ham has 2 wins and 1 loss, which is definitely the advantage of the visiting team. However, the dealer still dares to open the handicap of the handicap, and it is not only the home field advantage that plays a role. At present, the main handicap is flat and half, and the water level in the lower plate continues to fall. Based on the fundamentals, this handicap is too cheap for West Ham, and the football lottery cannot rule out the possibility of the main victory. Under the same odds before William Hill raised the odds, the Premier League home team had 13 wins, 8 draws and 16 losses, and the probability of a draw between the two teams was the lowest. At 3.30, the possibility of a draw between the two teams can basically be ruled out when the draw is high. When Ladbrokes increased the payout ratio, the flat payout rose to a higher 3.40, which echoed William's attitude. Taking into account the early actions of many companies to reduce customer wins and losses, it is better for football lottery to go both ways. 7. Wigan VS Sunderland recommendation: 3 Wigan beat Hull City 5-0 on the road, plus the previous 4-0 victory in the League Cup, the team's state is on the rise; and from the past confrontation, They met in the past 4 times, Wigan has won 3 games, and has the upper hand. Bookmakers take this factor into account when opening the market. The initial draw of Ao Cai was a draw, and the hemisphere is now officially accepted, which is also optimistic about the ability of the home team to handicap the ball. Judging from the odds, many companies including bet365 and Skybet have lowered the main winning payout early to control the payout risk of Wigan winning. Before William Hill raised the odds, under the same odds, the Premier League home team had 4 wins and 1 draw, with a high probability of winning. Under the adjusted odds, Reading defeated Birmingham 2-1 at home last season; the same odds of SSP The Premier League home team has 5 wins, 2 draws and 1 loss, echoing William's point of view. The main win of bwin has dropped from the initial 2.20 to the current 1.95, a decrease of as much as 0.25, which is fully prepared for Wigan to win at home. Football Lottery considers as a gambler.