75 million-year-old pregnant tortoise fossil found in Canada Fossils of a pregnant tortoise from the same time period as the dinosaurs 75 million years ago, the mother-to-be tortoise that lived in ancient rivers died before laying eggs. In 1999, scientists at the Royal Tyrrell Museum of Paleontology in Canada discovered the turtle fossil in a mud ditch in the badlands of southeastern Alberta, Canada. In 2005, scientists at the University of Calgary discovered another fossil of the same species of turtle at the same archaeological site, with 26 turtle eggs inside it. Details of the two tortoise fossil specimens, published this week in the journal Biology Letters, say the ancient tortoise belonged to a now-extinct Adocus, an ancient large tortoise very similar to Today's slippery and painted turtles. Scientists say the pregnant tortoise is the earliest fossil tortoise found in the world so far, and it still has eggs left in its body. University of Calgary geoscientist Dara Zelenitsky said, "Unhatched eggs and larvae of ancient extinct animals are rarely found, and it is even rarer to find unhatched eggs in the mother." Zelenitsky was involved in the digs of dinosaur fossils that were the first to find eggs in their bodies. Scientists say the discovery of the pregnant tortoise was an accident, Zelenitsky told LiveScience: "We found out that this ancient tortoise was a pregnant expectant mother because the fossil was fragmented when we found it. Even the eggshell fossils fell off to the ground." The researchers found that there were at least 5 broken eggs in this turtle fossil, and after CT scans, it was found that there were more eggs in the turtle shell. The turtle is about 16 inches long and can lay about 20 eggs in its body. In their intact condition, the eggs are spherical and 1.5 inches (4 cm) in diameter. They found another fossil tortoise found in a nearby nest about the same size and shape. The turtle eggs in these two ancient turtle fossils have thick, hard shells, while the shells of modern turtle eggs are either thin or soft. These thick turtle eggs evolved to protect the eggs from drying out while avoiding engulfment by dinosaur-era predators. The researchers point out that the pregnant turtle and nearby nest turtles reveal features of the reproductive evolution of modern turtles. "Based on the study of these fossils, we have now determined that this short-necked turtle, which lays hard eggs, is the ancestor of most aquatic and terrestrial turtles today," said Francosi Serien, director of the Museum of Dinosaur Paleontology. "(Wei Dong) Mexico's Magical Amber Seals Frogs for 25 Million Years (Photo)