Ferrara: Keynesianism is wrong again The article said that the Obama administration is repeating the mistakes of the Keynesian economic policy, relying on this policy, the United States can not achieve economic recovery. The following is a summary of the article: From the beginning, US government officials have adopted traditional Keynesian economic policies to deal with the current economic downturn. Named after the British economist John Maynard Keynes, Keynesianism advocates that countries adopt expansionary economic policies to boost the economy by injecting large amounts of liquidity into the economy to increase demand and create jobs increase. The current economic situation shows that the Keynesian economic stimulus policies introduced by the Obama administration have not played any role. Facts speak louder than words: In February 2008, former President George W. Bush struck a deal with congressional Democrats to pass a $152 billion Keynesian stimulus package in an attempt to resist by increasing the fiscal deficit economic recession. At the heart of the bill is a tax rebate of up to $600 per person, a move that did not have a significant stimulus effect on the economy. Yet the Obama administration did not learn from that Keynesian failure, and in February 2009 the president signed a typical Keynesian stimulus package of up to $787 billion. Even the tax cuts that Obama touted to the public were downright Keynesian. All of this is just another proof that this policy will do nothing to stimulate the economy. The Obama administration's claim that the stimulus package was successful was not because the economy had recovered, but simply because the decline had slowed. The U.S. reported just 216,000 new jobless claims in August, and the economy contracted only 1% in the second quarter. Decades ago, Friedrich Hayek and Milton Friedman exposed the errors of Keynesian economic policy. The views of Keynesian proponents were questioned in practice in the 1970s because they could neither explain nor ameliorate the sharply worsening inflation and unemployment problems brought about by this policy. President Ronald Reagan decided to abandon Keynesianism in favor of supply-side fiscal policy. This decision led to 25 years of economic prosperity. The economic boom came to an end as the Bush administration began to step away from Reagan economic policies and return to Keynesianism. However, the Obama administration has completely copied the economic policies of the 1930s, even more so than Bush's Keynesian policies of 2008. The result of all this is the economic catastrophe that the United States has faced since late 2007. Obama promised his stimulus would effectively keep unemployment below 8%. But the fact is that the unemployment rate was as high as 9.7% last month. 14.9 million U.S. citizens lost their jobs, 9.1 million barely managed a part-time job, and 2.3 million failed to find a job in the past year. The total number of unemployed and underemployed people has reached 26.3 million, and the unemployment rate is as high as 16.8%. Personal income is down $427 billion from its peak in May 2008. By rationally abandoning Keynesian stimulus in favor of reining in fiscal spending, France and Germany have already seen the effects of economic recovery in the second quarter of this year. Economies in India, Brazil and China are all growing, and Canada's employment situation has improved last month. While the US's economic recovery and jobless reduction can only rely on private sector investment, Obama's economic recovery plan and the 2008 Bush administration's plan have no effect. Achieving long-term economic growth requires a fundamental change in economic policy, a reduction in tax rates rather than an increase, and a reliable and cheap energy supply. Unfortunately, Obama seems to be so focused on his political speeches that his eyes on economic prospects have been blinded by ideology. Don't expect any more policy shifts, what awaits the US economy is a return to the 1970s. (Li Jing)