He Wei: Four Suggestions for the 2010 Real Estate Investment Leju Meeting (Photo) Moderator: Today our meeting was held in a very cold weather, but I believe that everyone came here for only one purpose. The enthusiasm for investment is very high. We can see from a data that in the fourth quarter of this year, the National Bureau of Statistics conducted a survey. Regarding the increasing willingness of residents to invest, real estate, funds, and wealth management products are respectively in the front of residents' investment. Three, judging from this data, at least real estate is one of the first-choice products for investment in this cold winter season. 42.1% of residents choose to invest more in this season. This enthusiasm can be seen to be very high. I believe Everyone here today also hopes to seek some investment exits and ways of investing through our activities, especially investment in real estate. Next, we will invite Mr. He Weihe from Sina Leju to start this activity for everyone. The ceremony, including introducing the background of today's event, please! Sina Leju-Leju Club, Senior Project Manager He Wei He Wei: Good afternoon, everyone! I am very honored to be able to share the 2010 Real Estate Investment Strategy Report with you here today. I am He Wei, the person in charge of Sina Leju Club. Before that, I would like to give a brief introduction to our company. I don't know much about our company. Today, on behalf of Sina Real Estate, I will briefly introduce Sina Leju Club. At present, Sina Leju Club has 82 branches across the country, with 3 million active users. These users are all of us who participated in our activities in various online and offline home buying activities, signed up for our home buying day activities, or It is a group of buyers who participate in our online viewing group buying activities. What services do we provide to our members? We just mentioned that we regularly hold some house buying day activities, and jointly hold offline house inspections with some real estate in Beijing, and provide some expert guidance services. You may wonder why an Internet media providing real estate consulting services should be a membership club of Leju Club. Some people said that we also raised similar questions when we just started, because everyone thinks that real estate may be a Disposable consumer goods, including renovations, may have no other demand for the property's website after the renovation is complete. In fact, according to our survey results, many netizens will still come to our website after completing the purchase and decoration. After he moves in, there will be a demand for decoration, and even after two or three years of living, there will be a demand for second-hand housing. We found that if there is a chain of better and very good services to provide value-added services to members, then for members, firstly, a group of good and loyal customers can be accumulated; in addition, the services provided to members will help Help us improve the quality of our services, so as to form a better brand. For the high-end members of Leju Club, some individuals have completed one or even a second home purchase. For these customers, we have provided corresponding high-end event brands. I will give a brief introduction below. The first block is the quarterly investment strategy report. This activity is that we will combine some of our experts every quarter. For example, this time we have invited Director Wang of the Policy Research Center of the Ministry of Construction and related real estate investment experts to provide you with professional investment data reports in the industry, so that you can better make good decisions on real estate investments. The second block is the tasting activity of the luxury house project. This activity is not a new activity. We have been doing this kind of tasting activity since 2009. For each activity, we will invite some experts in the industry, and some Feng Shui experts, led by Sina Leju to the on-site tasting project of the project. , and see what's so good about this project. The third block is overseas themed real estate inspection activities. We all know that after the market picks up this year, many high-end customers have needs to buy properties overseas. In 2010, there will be activities for these customers who have overseas property needs. For example, they will visit the real estate in Australian school districts, including Resorts World in Singapore. Site situation of the project. The fourth group of leisure real estate buyers. We, Sina Leju, have 82 branches across the country. Among them, tourist cities such as Sanya, Qingdao, Hangzhou and Weihai have many high-end customers who want to buy properties in tourist-oriented cities. At the end of this year, we will organize some friends from Beijing to go to Sanya For real estate tours, participating members only need the cost of air tickets to and fro, and our local branch is responsible for the cost of landing. While doing leisure tourism activities in Sanya, they will also visit some local projects with relatively potential investment. The above four activities are our four brand activities for high-end users in 2010. I also hope that all of you will continue to support our Sina Leju and Sina Leju Club, so that we can better provide you with a perfect service system. thank you all! i want to comment