Influenza and studying abroad: Will swine flu stop the pace of studying abroad? BSE, bird flu, SARS and other infectious diseases pop up every few years to make people nervous. It has been five or six years since SARS, and Bajie, who is simple and honest on the outside and as simple and honest as the outside, can't stand the loneliness. "As a new type of virus, swine flu, after people have experienced mad cow disease, bird flu and SARS, and the impact of the current global financial crisis, people's general psychological expectations are "low", this swine flu is even more " House seemingly endless rain". People have reason to worry that as a new type of virus, it has spread to the United States, Canada, etc. as soon as it started to break out, and "cases" have also appeared in Europe. The emergence of more "suspected cases" has aggravated people's psychological panic. I would like to say that in a society with highly developed contemporary science and technology, whether it be mad cow disease, bird flu, SARS or the damn swine flu, people will quickly find ways to resist, and the outbreak and epidemic periods of various epidemics are becoming more and more frequent. shorter. Consider the following two infectious diseases: The Black Death in Europe was the worst plague in human history. It originated in southwestern Asia and spread to Europe in the 1340s, and the name "Black Death" was the name of Europe at that time. The plague killed about 75 million people around the world, and about half of the people in medieval Europe died of the Black Death! Between September and October 1994, India suffered a deadly plague of plague. 300,000 Surat citizens fled to all parts of India, and at the same time brought the plague to all parts of the country, and the fear even spread to all parts of the world. The Black Death, a disease that took away half of Europe's population, was eventually trampled underfoot. The plague, for which mankind has struggled for centuries, has finally been run over by the wheel of history. So what about swine flu now? Many students and parents will ask, are we still going to study abroad, which country has swine flu, China has not yet, is foreign countries very dangerous? I would like to ask you in return, students who are planning to study abroad now, your actual trip may be a year or half a year later. Which of these diseases has lasted for such a long time? And studying abroad means a lifetime. Writing here, I can't help but think: Can our dreams in life be blocked by pigs, classmates? Masks, see masks again, looking at these photos, time seems to return to the streets of Beijing in 2003. Every time masks appear, people seem to have a new understanding of the meaning of life. The ravages of infectious diseases reflect the fragility of human body and the strength of human spirit. Swine flu is only one of the human infectious diseases such as mad cow disease, bird flu, SARS, etc. It cannot stop the progress of human beings. In the end, it will be defeated by human beings like the other diseases mentioned above! It can't stop those young people with ideals and aspirations. I believe that everyone will eventually make the right choice. Don't caress your grandson's head when you are getting old and say, "Grandpa has been delayed by pigs in this life..."