Alienware ESWC2010 E-Sports Competition Will Be Open After participating in a number of e-sports competitions in a row, Alienware, the world's top computer brand, once again had close contact with e-sports in 2010. The Electronic Sports World Cup (ESWC) is coming back strong in 2010. The World Finals will be held in Disney, France in July. Alienware will cooperate with this event so that players can enjoy the charm of electronic sports at close range. "Alienware ESWC 2010 Interstellar Tour" aims to bring players closer to the charm of ESWC and Alienware's top computers in the world e-sports competition. All users who participate in this event will have the opportunity to go to Beijing to watch the ESWC2010 China Finals for free , The project of this event has not yet been officially determined, including the current hottest StarCraft 2, Dota, and live football are all candidate projects. Players who have purchased machines and players who have not purchased can participate in this event. The event will be set up There are two groups (purchasing group and ordinary group), ALIENWARE has prepared a wealth of gifts for participating players at each station, and there is an ESWC live viewing prize worth 5,000 yuan waiting for you to challenge and win! "Alienware ESWC 2010 Interstellar Tour" will still be held in Alienware stores in 10 cities including Beijing, Chongqing, Shanghai, Guangzhou, Hangzhou, Xi'an, Wuhan, Nanjing, Shenzhen and Shenyang. It has built a gathering platform for the majority of e-sports fans. If you are a gaming enthusiast, come and join this event to win a rare chance to watch ESWC live! In addition to the grand prize, Alienware has also prepared exquisite game experience gifts for everyone. You are welcome to come to the scene to experience the extraordinary enjoyment brought by Alienware and learn skills from other players! Alienware ESWC 2010 Interstellar Journey Participation Methods: 1. (Users who purchase Alienware machines) All users who purchase Alienware machines will receive a phone call from the local DELL staff, and only need to call to confirm their participation in the event. You can go to the store to sign in, either yourself or a friend. One machine code corresponds to only one participating user. Please refer to the base of each PC for the service number of the model, and the schematic diagram: 2. Ordinary users can sign up by phone, or go to the store and fill in the registration form to participate. Rewards for the purchase of the user group: 1. The first place (or a relative or friend) will have the opportunity to watch the ESWC China Finals for free. Alienware will be responsible for all the travel expenses and accommodation of the winning users, and provide professional tour guide services. 2. The second place (or a relative or friend) is worth 1,600 yuan Alienware peripheral kit. 3. Participation Award, all participating users will have the opportunity to get a Alienware gift worth 300 yuan. Ordinary user group activity rewards: 1. The first place, the opportunity to watch the ESWC China Finals for free. Alienware will be responsible for all the travel expenses and accommodation of the winning users, and provide professional tour guide services. 2. Participation Award, all participating users will have the opportunity to receive a Alienware gift worth 50 yuan. Purchasers who did not participate in the event: All users who purchased Alienware before May 17, 2010 and did not participate in the event will get an online lottery opportunity. Four users (or users' relatives and friends) will be generated through the system lottery draw. A chance to watch the ESWC2010 E-Sports World Cup finals in China. Alienware will be responsible for all the travel expenses and accommodation of the winning users, and provide professional tour guide services. Event Details: Event details, including registration information, competition rules, and event time, will be announced later. Event consultation mailbox: ESWC2010@99gaming.net National event address: