Scientists use stem cells to create universal blood type for the first time Type O negative blood was artificially cultivated. Since O-type negative blood is also known as "universal blood type", it can be matched with any other blood type, which will make human beings no longer have to worry about blood supply in the future. Scientists in the United States said that embryonic stem cells are called "universal cells", which can differentiate into various tissue cells such as skin cells, so they have great potential for medical applications. If O-negative blood can be produced through embryonic stem cells, it means that humans will no longer have to worry about blood supply. Because O-negative blood can be matched to any blood type, any patient who needs a blood transfusion can receive O-negative blood. However, the stock of O-negative blood is currently limited and the supply is insufficient. In addition, the production of blood from embryonic stem cells can also avoid pathogenic infections caused by blood donation and transfusion, such as HIV infection, hepatitis infection and Creutzfeldt-Jakob infection. The researchers are confident about the prospect of medical application of this result. They believe that blood production is only the first application of embryonic stem cell research and will be more widely used in clinical medicine thereafter. Robert Lanza, a scientist at the Advanced Cell Technology Company in Massachusetts, believes that insufficient blood supply is a fatal threat to patients with excessive blood loss. Embryonic stem cells are a very important source of blood in the future, which can produce endless blood. An O-negative blood production line using embryonic stem cell technology would be equivalent to a "universal blood donor". Previously, scientists have made small amounts of red blood cells from embryonic stem cells. However, American Advanced Cell Technology is the first manufacturer to specialize in mass production for medical needs. Although embryonic stem cells were used in the company's experiments, induced pluripotent stem cells have the potential to produce blood as well. Scientists involved in the study said that there are four blood types in the human body, A, B, AB and O, and there are yin and yang respectively. Of these, only certain blood types can be matched with one of the other blood types. For example, people with blood type A can donate blood to people with blood type A or AB, and can receive blood type A or blood. Only O-negative blood can be donated to anyone, therefore, O-negative blood is often used in battlefield medical aid. In addition to blood production, embryonic stem cell technology research has other important clinical implications. For example, embryonic stem cells can also be used in the treatment of various diseases such as diabetes and Parkinson's disease. However, the formal entry of embryonic stem cell technology into clinical application still faces more challenges. One of the biggest safety concerns is that the growth of free cells may pose a risk of cancer. However, this danger can be avoided if the red blood cells produced from embryonic stem cells do not carry genetic material. Lanza believes that this will be the biggest breakthrough in the early application of embryonic stem cell technology. A lot of work will still be done to achieve this breakthrough. Maybe in the next year or two there will be progress. American scientists said that blood type is the type of blood based on the "specific antigenic substances" on the surface of blood cells, which is determined by genetics. Because the blood includes different components such as red blood cells, white blood cells, platelets, serum proteins, serum enzymes, etc., and the properties of the antigenic substances in each of them are also different, there are thousands of differences in blood types. Except for monozygotic twins, it is difficult to find two blood types in the world. Exactly the same person. In clinical medicine, the real "universal" blood type is only O blood type Rh negative, which is the most suitable for blood transfusion. However, this blood type has always been very scarce. Due to its wide range of uses, blood type O blood, especially Rh negative type O blood, is generally in short supply in blood banks, resulting in high costs for blood drawing, testing and storage. Scientists hope that this technique, which converts blood types by removing antigens, can solve this problem. In addition, in order to manufacture the O blood type Rh negative type, A, B and AB blood type Rh negative types are required as raw materials. But so far, no technology has been developed to convert positive blood into negative blood. (Liu Yan) Related reports: The United States has cultivated 10 kinds of stem cells to study the treatment of genetic diseases, and the United Kingdom launches plastic blood to treat patients with excessive blood loss