Li Jinghan: Being the first is to let others surpass him. He is a senior lawyer and a senior designer of private life. Between two completely different occupations, this shy middle-aged man combines rationality and sensibility just right: rationality lies in his first identity and his work attitude; Investing in the unique and keen sense of the fashion industry, there is the famous Beijing Siheyuan Restaurant, and Shanghai No. 3 on the Bund... The exquisite Giorgio Armani clothing room, the authentic French restaurant, the Bund known as the "Fifth Avenue in China" No. 3 is Li Jinghan's most proud fashion investment work. Li Jinghan, who likes to dine in front of artworks and paintings, placed his office at No. 3 on the Bund - No. 5 on the Bund. Different from the impetuousness of No. 3, No. 5 on the Bund appears peaceful and quiet. The stairwell exudes a slightly damp scent of camphor wood. At the end of a long passage, his office window faces the Huangpu River. It was the first time I saw Li Jinghan in the office. He was sitting in front of Ye Yongqing's iconic graffiti-style silk painting, reading the reporter's interview outline almost word for word, serious and rigorous, just like his first identity— -Senior lawyer. Shuttle between two identities In 1982, Li Jinghan stayed at Peking University for more than half a year. That year, he was touched a lot: for the first time, he strongly felt the unfairness of the world. In his eyes, many people are so good but lack opportunities. "If this matter needs to be changed, then as much as I can do, I must do my best." This attitude affected Li Jinghan and determined the most critical step in his life. In 1991, as the chief representative of Vinson Ayers Law Firm in China, Li Jinghan came to China as he wished. But now many people know that Li Jinghan is not his barrister status. In 1996, Li Jinghan bought a courtyard outside Beijing's Donghua Gate and established the first restaurant in China to collect contemporary artworks. Since then, he has started another identity - a designer of private life. "I often see many good Chinese contemporary art works abroad, but it is difficult to see them after returning to China. In China, there is a distance between art and people's daily life. Because of the distance, many Chinese people cannot appreciate the benefits brought by contemporary art. Because of the distance, China's best contemporary artists and best works of art are all abroad. I want to shorten the distance between art and people in China. To make such a restaurant, friends and family can eat and drink tea together, Isn't it a pleasure to look at paintings while chatting?" Li Jinghan seemed to be at ease between his two identities as a lawyer and a fashion investor. Working more than 12 hours a day, he always said that doing what he wanted to do would not feel tiring. Two different professional identities make sensibility and rationality blend together in this shy middle-aged man: rationality is reflected in his work attitude - serious and meticulous; and his cultivation of art has made him a success Unique keen sense of investing in the fashion industry. Four years ago, Li Jinghan's work has undergone great changes, the proportion of legal affairs has gradually decreased, and the proportion of art and fashion has begun to increase. So far, only one-fourth of the energy has been devoted to lawyers, and it may be gradually reduced. This shows how much he values both. Wrong annotations Embarrassing background Li Jinghan owns many beautiful houses. His buildings with different styles and exquisite decorations have attracted domestic home magazines, so the media also came to some "natural" conclusions about him. "Don't say I'm a perfectionist, I'm not, I'm not deliberately pursuing perfection, I'm just doing things very hard, trying my best to do everything well." Li Jinghan needs to clarify too much, but he don't focus on that. "I know I'm smart, capable, determined, work harder than others, and I know I have ideas too." This is Li Jinghan's simple and confident summary of himself. There is solid proof behind this generalization. Li Jinghan said that Chinese-Americans are an embarrassing identity. In the eyes of many Americans, Li Jinghan is Chinese; in the eyes of many Chinese, he is also an American. Not fluent in Chinese, mixed with English from time to time, and idealistic work attitude, people around him put Li Jinghan in the circle of "foreign friends" without thinking. And Li Jinghan has always insisted that he is Chinese, no matter when facing foreigners or when facing Chinese. The first time Li Jinghan left a Chinese imprint on himself was one day when he was in elementary school. His mother took him to see the portraits of his ancestors. It is a well-preserved portrait of a Qing Dynasty minister. The inscription and postscript have five big characters - "Scholar's First Class". After many years, Li Jinghan knew that the person in the painting was his ancestor, Fu Heng, who was prominent in the Qing Dynasty. , those words are from the imperial pen of Emperor Qianlong. When the history and background of these families were excavated by the media, Li Jinghan was crowned as a "noble", and the Three on the Bund, which he founded, naturally became the "modern aristocratic Vanity Fair" described by the media. "Noble? I'm not! I think it's ridiculous. Since I was a child, I have been working and studying, delivering newspapers, driving buses, paving roads, and earning tuition fees since middle school. If you must say that I have noble blood and family Background, then I can only admit that I am a Chinese, and I have the blood of Manchu banner people in my body." Although he does not recognize his aristocratic status, but because he has a good family background, his parents who have extremely high artistic accomplishment are Li Jinghan does not recognize the influence he has brought: it is precisely because of their artistic influence and education on me since childhood that I have always had a desire for art in my heart, which is also the main reason for me to do Siheyuan Restaurant. The "number one" I do is to let others surpass "the number one I mean is neither the number one in Shanghai nor the number one in China, but the number one in the world." I have created many "number one" ” Li Jinghan calmly described his views on “Number One”: when chatting with others before, they would often say in a very surprised tone: “wow, China is number one.” I find it strange that the Chinese do What is there to be amazed by the number one in China, this is a matter of course. Li Jinghan's insistence on No. 3 on the Bund has become a well-known myth. "At that time, many people advised me not to do it, and everyone thought it was impossible. In fact, even I was not completely sure. I never thought of giving up on this matter that 90% of people are full of doubts about. I think it It will become a coordinate, a turning point. Most importantly, he will inspire a group of people. If I succeed, ten people will follow immediately, and soon, these ten people will become a hundred. There is no eternal 'first', and the 'first' I do is to be surpassed by others." Although in the eyes of others, Three on the Bund has been remodeled to perfection, Li Jinghan said, "I try my best to do my best." don't go in". Because the final effect is far from Li Jinghan's original idea, Li Jinghan always thought that this matter "didn't do the best." Li Jinghan smiled modestly and satisfied when he mentioned the trend of renovation of the Bund Building, which emerged from the renovation of Three on the Bund. From Beijing Siheyuan Restaurant to Shanghai No. 3 on the Bund, and then from No. 3 on the Bund to No. 18 on the Bund, Li Jinghan's "number one" is constantly surpassed by himself and by others - this may be his Definition of success. i want to comment