The champions of the three major e-sports competitions at BlizzCon have been announced. The 2009 World of Warcraft global competition global finals ended today. The championship match was between the US TSG and South Korea's Shipit. After a wonderful fight, TSG defeated Shipit 3:1 and won "World of Warcraft" global domination of the world championship throne, and took away a high prize of 75,000 US dollars. Blizzard held BlizzCon at the Anaheim Convention Center in California. The World of Warcraft, the World of Warcraft 3: The Frozen Throne, and the StarCraft Invitational Tournament were held on site. In the afternoon, the champion player or team is born. The "World of Warcraft" global competition adopts a five-fight three-win, double-elimination system. The championship will be decided by the winning team, the North American global competition runner-up team TSG, and the Korean global competition champion team Shipit. A combination of death knights, and a combination of death knights, hunters, and paladins. Among them, Veev, the warrior of the TSG team, achieved a single-game short-term damage output of 90,000 during the entire event, and was regarded as the most valuable player by the participating players. The finals process was quite exciting. The ranks fell one after another, and the remaining attackers struggled relentlessly; originally TSG took the lead in the opening two games in a row, Shipit launched an active counterattack in the third game, took back one game, and finally TSG stormed the opponent Hunter, taking Played the fourth game and defeated Shipit 3:1. As for the "StarCraft" Invitational Tournament, 5 of the 8 players officially invited to participate this time are South Korean players, showing the official recognition of the strength of South Korean players in "StarCraft". In the Invitational Tournament, he won the 2009 GomTV Classic 3rd place, South Korean player Effort (Jung Woo Kim). ), both sides used Zerg to fight, and finally Effort defeated Mensol 2:1 and took back the championship. Effort said that in order to participate in the BlizzCon "StarCraft" Invitational Tournament, he spent a lot of time practicing hard, and he was very happy to win the championship. He hopes to have the opportunity to win the championship again next year. "Warcraft 3: The Frozen Throne" global competition, last year's BlizzCon global champion, this year's "Warcraft" Korean champion Lyn (June Park), in this championship decisive battle encounter 2008 WCG "Warcraft" Champion Grubby (Manuel Schenkhuizen), Lyn defeated Grubby 2:1 and successfully defended his title. Although Grubby won the runner-up in this event, he immediately knelt down and proposed to his long-term girlfriend PPG (Cassandra Ng) after the game, and his girlfriend nodded and agreed, and was cheered and blessed by all the players on the scene, forming another outside the event. The focus of the player's attention.