Affected by the financial crisis, the cost of studying abroad has fallen, and studying abroad has become "popular". The lowering of the threshold for studying abroad The financial crisis has cooled the global economy and the job market, but it has made countries see the development prospects of the international education industry. Wang Zhongyi, the chief representative of China at the University of Herwart, said that the UK introduced a new visa policy at the end of March, and the visa application fees and living expenses for visiting the UK have been reduced, making British universities more attractive. Tomei Nakama, director of the International Exchange Office for Studying in Japan, introduced to reporters that since the former Japanese Prime Minister Yasuo Fukuda proposed the plan of "accepting 300,000 international students by 2020", the threshold for applying for studying in Japan has been lowered, and studying in Japan has shown an upward trend. He said that due to the serious problem of aging and declining birthrate in Japanese society, it is expected that by 2100, its population will be reduced from about 120 million now to about 40 million, and the 300,000 study abroad program is essentially to attract high-quality talents to stay in Japan. This is one of the most attractive aspects of studying in Japan. The "Australian Government Scholarship Program" has expanded the scope of scholarships, allowing more students to apply for scholarships. Coupled with the reduction of living expenses in Australia, studying in Australia is a good choice. Xu Li, a study abroad consulting company from Jinjili, told reporters that after the international financial crisis, due to exchange rate changes, the cost of studying in the United States has been greatly reduced. The business volume of graduate students studying in the United States has increased by about 70%. Opportunity Cost Reduction In 2009, the poor employment environment and the reduction in the cost of studying abroad contributed to the further heating of the study abroad market. A survey shows that more than 80% of college students in our country have the idea of going abroad for further study, and 66% of the respondents believe that the employment opportunities of international students returning home in the next five years will be better than that of domestic graduates. More and more people choose to study abroad. Trend 1: The number of working-class students studying abroad is increasing. In the context of the financial crisis, the cost of studying abroad has been reduced, so that working families with a dream of studying abroad have the ability to study abroad. More and more working families let their children study abroad in order to improve their children's employment competitiveness. Trend 2: "UK, US and Canada" hot spots tend to bloom in various countries. In order to attract international students, various countries have lowered their thresholds and relaxed their part-time work policies. Many destination countries such as Europe, Asia and Australia have shown their own characteristics and advantages to attract students. Trend 3: The number of people going abroad for postgraduate studies is increasing. Affected by the pressure of employment, many college students who graduated this year went to study abroad to improve their quality before returning to China to find jobs. Trend four: white-collar study abroad has become a boom. A person in the study abroad agency market pointed out that white-collar workers account for more than 30% of the current study abroad market, becoming a new force. The financial turmoil hit, many companies cut wages and layoffs. In the face of the crisis, many white-collar workers who have no time to take care of "charging" at ordinary times choose to take this opportunity to study abroad. Experts point out that the financial crisis has had a limited impact on most Chinese households, and that an increase in the yuan's exchange rate has actually made studying abroad cheaper, fueling more enthusiasm for investment in education. Rational analysis of "popular study abroad" Some experts pointed out that due to the deepening of global integration and the further strengthening of exchanges and cooperation among countries in the field of culture and education, the concept of studying abroad has undergone great changes, from elite study abroad to popular study in the past. The expectations of studying abroad should also be adjusted accordingly to avoid entering the misunderstanding of "as long as you study abroad, you will have a bright future". For those who are willing to study abroad, they should fully understand their own ability and financial resources, and formulate study abroad plans according to the actual situation. According to relevant intermediary data, about 70% of the students who consulted about studying abroad did not have a clear purpose of studying abroad, but only studied abroad for the purpose of studying abroad. Students should still be calm when choosing to study abroad, and should not blindly follow the trend according to their own strength and characteristics. Experts remind that it is necessary to link study abroad and career planning in a targeted manner. Don't fall into the "misunderstanding of famous schools", be rational in choosing national institutions, majors, etc., have a long-term perspective, and consider more about employment after completing your studies overseas. Start from social needs, combine your own quality and future planning , find a development path that is more suitable for you. (Xinhua News Agency special feature/reporters Gao Yuan, Meng Hua)