The Death and Existence of Small Property Right Houses Li Yin, a commentator of this newspaper, once had a private real estate developer who once said to the author: "Some things are so interesting, the more controversial the project, the more profitable it is. The hottest controversy is when The peak of making money, the controversy has passed, it means that the rules have been formulated, and profits have declined at that time." It is like the positive correlation between a celebrity's scandal and its popularity. The recently hotly-discussed small property right houses also follow this law, and it is rumored that tens of billions of hot money has entered the Shenzhen small property right market and the betting has turned positive. The discussion actually originated from May 21, when the Shenzhen National People's Congress passed the "Decision on the Handling of Illegal Buildings Leftover from the History of Rural Urbanization". Most of the "legacy illegal buildings" referred to are small houses with no property rights. Soon, the Ministry of Land and Resources stated that Shenzhen was dealing with illegal buildings, which were fundamentally different from small-property houses; at the same time, it added that the current small-property houses do not comply with the current state regulations and are not protected by law. On June 25, the deputy minister of the Ministry of Land and Resources? Xiao Su said that due to the different situations of small property rights in different places, the central government or the Ministry of Land and Resources will not issue a unified handling opinion. Therefore, in addition to citizens and villagers, real estate developers, experts and scholars were also included in the debate on small property rights. This topic was interpreted as a big social debate. The angle is nothing more than exposing, criticizing, refuting, and admonishing. In fact, "small property right house" is not a legal concept. It is also called "township property right house", which refers to the property that is issued by the township government rather than the state. Therefore, "small property rights" are actually "township property rights" and "collective property rights", which do not really constitute property rights in the strict legal sense. As far as Shenzhen is concerned, the land in Shenzhen has been completely state-owned, and the so-called small property rights houses are indeed illegal constructions. On July 15, "Shenzhen Special Economic Zone News" published the interview content of Chen Di, director of the Shenzhen Municipal People's Congress Legal Committee, clearly stating that the purchase of illegal buildings is not protected by law. Since the identity of the "illegal construction" of small property rights houses is known to everyone, but there are still less hesitations, and more bold ones? Small property right house, why is the name "dead" but "exist"? First, the huge price difference makes small property houses popular. Compared with commercial houses in the general sense, "small property rights houses" have no concept of land transfer fees, and there is no crazy profit grab by developers. The price is generally only 1/3 or even lower than the price of commercial houses in the same area. "Cheap" is the fundamental reason why a large number of urban residents buy "small property right houses" at the risk of property rights. Second, the buyer's secret bet turns positive. The "Zhengzheng theory" is also noisy in the Shenzhen market, but the Shenzhen Municipal People's Congress expressly denied that most of the illegal buildings will only get the legal right to use after they are classified and dealt with, so as to solve the problem that a large number of illegal buildings are currently under the status of "black households". The embarrassing situation of being used legally in practice. There are still many citizens who believe that with the promulgation of the "Property Law", citizens' property rights have been fully affirmed, and rural property houses will also be recognized by the law, which can eventually be transformed into legal property rights houses. However, judging from the current relevant laws and regulations in my country, there is still no legal basis for the conversion of township property houses into property rights houses. Even from the perspective of my country's concept of land management and the value orientation of land management, there is no sign that my country will open up the circulation of collective land in the short term. This product comes from the reform of the land system. From the name, it can be seen that its origin is not generous. The dual system of urban and rural areas in my country's land system has brought about the rupture of urban and rural housing property rights. Two pieces of construction land with the same other conditions, if one of them is state-owned land, it can enjoy the right to assign, transfer, lease and mortgage, and can reflect the value in the transaction; the other is collective land, basically only the right to use it for yourself And lack of trading opportunities. The practice of fragmenting the same land is that small property houses can only grow on rural collective land, which leads to other complex problems. If there is a legal and institutional basis, how can it exist in name only? Without the basis of laws and systems, if small property houses are turned into positive ones, there will be chaos in the links of land transfer and house sales, and on the contrary, there may be shocks in the urban land price and housing price system. How to solve? It is not objective to forcibly demolish houses with small property rights, or to put all the responsibility on farmers or house buyers. The construction and sale of small property rights houses are all carried out under the sun. Since it is illegal construction, why did the management department not immediately prohibit it? According to Shenzhen media reports, on June 25, the reason why Lu Feifei, the former deputy captain of the law enforcement team of Bantian Street in Longgang District and director of the violation investigation office, was sentenced because he took advantage of his position to receive money of 320,000 yuan to make an excuse for the illegal construction of the Internet. . Shenzhen has recently cracked down on illegal construction, and the sales of small property rights houses have changed from blatant to dark. Everything happens for a reason. The rise of any illegal building is bound to be accompanied by the aphasia of the relevant departments and the benefits of related parties. In addition to the interests of individuals or groups, the tax-sharing system brings "independent thinking" on local finance. The reason why the local government has an ambiguous attitude towards the legalization of small-property houses is that if small-property houses become positive, it may lower the city's housing prices and land prices, and reduce local government taxes. At the same time, a large part of the land transfer fee has to be handed over to the central finance. The tax-sharing system has not yet been reformed, and local governments have insufficient motivation to promote the legalization of small property rights. However, due to the needs of local economic development, local governments have insufficient motivation to prevent the existence and birth of small property houses. Healthy housing market prices can promote economic development, while high housing prices can cause public grievances to boil - this is a contradiction that cannot be resolved in a short period of time. Perhaps later generations will review the small property right house and write it as a historical wound with Chinese flavor. i want to comment