The championship team welcome party Huang Xu won the grand prize and Zhang Jun won the PK match Sina Sports News On the evening of December 27, the "Champion Golf Team Welcome Party" was held at the Beijing Urban Celebrity Golf Club. Xing Aowei, Huang Xu, Zou Kai, Teng Haibin, Yang Ling, Ma Yanhong, Zhang Jun, Wang Liping, Yang Ying, Yan Sen, Bi Wenjing, Xia Xuanze, Zhang Xuan, Ye Qiaobo, Mo Huilan, Zhou Yafei, Hu Ni, Dai Feifei, Ma Jian, etc. Olympic champions and world champions participated in the evening's activities. The championship golf team with the purpose of "friendship, friendship and exchange" has been adhering to the values of caring for the society and giving back to the society since its inception. The holding of this welcome party marks the official launch of this platform for Chinese gold medal athletes to relax and meet friends with the ball. The team has signed cooperation intentions with the Urban Celebrity Golf Club, Huatang International Golf Club and other units to provide strong support for the daily training of the champion team. The party event hosted by two gymnastics world champions Bi Wenjing and Xing Aowei was immersed in laughter and laughter from beginning to end. Games, lottery draws, and PK competitions were intertwined with each other, leaving the champion athletes present with no time at all. Enjoying the delicious food provided by the club, they enjoyed a rare relaxing night after long-term hard training and high-stress work. Before the three-person PK Zhang Jun came out on top, the party activity had not yet officially started. Zhang Jun, Xia Xuanze, Xing Aowei and other champions couldn't stand the "temptation" of golf, and they all tried their skills in the game. The three world champions challenged the Jiugongge game one after another. Seeing that they were so enthusiastic, the foreign coaches on the side hurried forward to give them a little guidance, adjust the aiming direction, control the swing rhythm, and pay attention to the wrist posture. The effect of the adjustment was immediate. In the three-person PK match, Zhang Jun hit the target area twice with three chances, Xia Xuanze hit the ball once, and Xing Aowei finally ranked last because he drew the extremely difficult "2" area. Xia Xuanze became the "King of Treasure Hunt" and Zhang Xuan's young daughter was innocently "caught" Although Xia Xuanze narrowly lost to Zhang Jun in the three-person PK match, she showed her skills in the subsequent game sessions. The host Bi Wenjing invited five people including Xia Xuanze, Zhou Yafei, Wang Liping, and Teng Haibin to participate in the "treasure hunt" game. The first treasure that Bi Wenjing proposed was glasses. Without making a sound, he directly took off the other party's glasses, and asked the other party to check whether there were sunglasses in the bag. Seeing that the time was about to expire, Zhou Yafei took two glasses and walked to the front desk. Seeing this, Xia Xuanze directly took the spoils of the other three contestants to himself, overtook them in one fell swoop, and won the first "treasure hunt" event. For the second "treasure hunt", the word "rubber band" in Bi Wenjing's mouth was not completely settled, and the five people rushed to the lady present. Zhou Yafei grabbed the whip of Zhang Xuan's youngest daughter, facing this sudden Caught, the little girl was at a loss, crying innocently, Zhou Yafei looked embarrassed. On the other hand, Xia Xuanze was "popular", and several ladies "contributed" the rubber bands on their heads, wrists, and bags to him, and Wang Liping, who was quite successful after a hard search, also failed to defeat Xia Xuanze in this link. With the absolute advantage of the two links, Xia Xuanze became the "King of Treasure Hunt" that night. Olympic champion golf first experience "Tiger-Woods" was very helpless. Several champion athletes who came to the scene had never been in contact with golf before, and the atmosphere of the scene infected them with holding golf clubs for the first time. The table tennis world champion Yang Ying has been chatting with friends since he arrived at the scene. Seeing that Xia Xuanze, Zhang Jun and others are playing well in the position, Yang Ying also wants to try his skills. Xia Xuanze gave up the playing position very gentlemanly, but Yang Ying said that he had never played golf before, so Xia Xuanze patiently started to give temporary "guidance" from the grip. Mo Huilan was very interested in video simulators, so she played games with Hu Ni, a famous flower traveler. Mo Huilan chose "Tiger-Woods" against Hooni's "John Daly". The two of you have one shot, and I have one shot for stroke play. After two holes, "Tiger" scored a "+10". On the third green, "Tiger" Woods putted three times in a row, but the ball still failed. Being able to roll into the hole cup made the "world's first" sigh in the sky. Mo Huilan looked at the tiger's expression on the screen and said with a smile, "Tiger Woods is very helpless today", and a group of people around them burst into flames. Out of knowing laughter. Huang Xu was delighted to have won the grand prize and rushed into the "90" party event. The lucky draw of the party event was carried out throughout, and the awards were gradually awarded one by one. However, as the "team vice", Huang Xu was still sitting helplessly, and from time to time he greeted the lottery emcee Xing Aowei and Bi Wenjing "protested". When the first prize was drawn by Wang Liping and Mo Huilan, Huang Xu only had one chance for the last special prize. After the lucky draw guest, Ms. Zhang Qian, the general manager of Golf Ryder Company, patiently shook the lottery box, and the card she drew out said - Xia Xuanze. The champions at the scene "protested" in unison. Was ruthlessly deprived of the special prize qualification. Then Huang Xu's name finally appeared on the card in Ms. Zhang Qian's hand. Facing this long-awaited grand prize, Huang Xu raised his arms excitedly, joking with Xia Xuanze next to him, and wanted to give him half the prize. , while walking up the stage to give him a high five to celebrate with the lucky lady Zhang Qian. The prize provided by Urban Golf for the grand prize winner Huang Xu is a VIP tutorial card worth 4,000 yuan. After receiving the prize, Huang Xu repeatedly asked the coach if he could break 90 after taking the tutorial provided by the VIP card. The foreign coach of the club heard Huang Xu's ambition, smiled and offered to Huang Xu a quid pro quo - "I teach you golf, but you have to teach me gymnastics." (Lai)