The 3G content industry has become one of the few in the economic crisis that attracts VCs. □ Our reporter Zhou Ting's 3G license arrived as scheduled, increasing the market's expectation for the 3G content industry to enter into substantive operations. Analysts said that the final issuance of 3G licenses made the 3G content industry one of the few, or even "the only" areas that could still arouse the investment interest of VCs during the economic crisis. 3G: The Law of Information Revolution Deng Yuqiang, CEO of 3G Portal, said in an interview with the media recently that the information he got from the capital market is that under the global economic crisis, the only bright spot in the venture capital field is China's wireless Internet. In fact, the 3G content industry has long been the pet of venture capitalists. However, because the development direction of 3G has not been clear, the investment of venture capital in the content industry has not been able to pay off. Even so, venture capitalists have not diminished their enthusiasm for investing in 3G content. At the conference on "Development Directions and Investment Opportunities in Popular Fields of Wireless Applications in the 3G Era" held in May 2008, Zhang Fan, the founding partner of Sequoia Capital, said he was optimistic about the "wireless field" and was investing frequently; Ding Jian, founder of GSR Ventures, said , the wireless field accounts for nearly half of its investment projects; Sun Wenhai, a partner of Jiyuan Capital, said that the wireless field will be the next gold mine. However, a financial turmoil broke people's dreams. As the financial turmoil began to gradually ravage many areas of the real economy, the investment enthusiasm of the venture capital community also suddenly "frozen". IPOs in the global capital market are hard to melt, which naturally discourages investors from rushing to follow up. Deng Yuqiang believes that it is an inevitable trend of user consumption to upgrade from simple picture and ringtone downloads to mobile video, mobile online entertainment and office, and even mobile shopping and other in-depth service applications. This trend actually expresses such a basic law that the progress of human society must reduce the speed and cost of information dissemination. For investors, if they grasp this law, it means that when the 3G license is issued, it means that the industry will start a signal.