Lachman: Avoid premature exit strategies There are many risks, and loose monetary and fiscal policies should not be withdrawn prematurely. The following is a summary of the article: The strong rally in the US stock market over the past six months confirms that hope is always beating in people's hearts. The stock market appears to have priced in an impending "V"-shaped rebound in the U.S. economy, but one needs to be skeptical that there is any real basis for a "V"-shaped rebound. Optimists about the U.S. economy now grossly underestimate the negative impact of falling household incomes and household deleveraging on U.S. consumer demand. They seem to ignore the fact that the gap between supply and demand in the U.S. labor market is now at its highest postwar level. They also seem to ignore the fact that if the economy does not achieve a strong recovery, the gap will most likely continue into 2010. Stagnant or even declining incomes will pose serious problems for the U.S. economic recovery. With household debt at about 135% of their income, American consumers have never been more indebted than they are today. To make matters worse, their wealth has also shrunk dramatically as house prices and share prices have fallen sharply. The deterioration of the balance sheet of US households, coupled with the marked tightening of consumer credit conditions, will allow US households to continue to increase their savings, thereby restraining the growth of consumer demand. Against this backdrop, it is hard to imagine a strong recovery in the U.S. economy, as consumer demand still accounts for about 70% of total U.S. demand. Further casting doubt on the U.S. economic outlook is that a sluggish economic recovery will delay the “healing of wounds” in the U.S. financial system. The current high unemployment rate has exacerbated the loan loss problem of commercial banks. At the same time, the U.S. commercial real estate market actually appears to be in a plummeting decline, even with a large number of commercial real estate market loans maturing in 2010; in addition, a new wave of foreclosures is likely in the coming months, which could delay the eventual stabilization of U.S. home prices time. Sheila Bair, chairman of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC), acknowledged that more than 400 U.S. banks have been included in the FDIC's list of troubled banks. If the U.S. unemployment rate does climb to double-digit levels by 2010, and if the commercial real estate market continues to plummet, the number of bankrupt U.S. banks will be several times what Bayer currently expects. By early next year, it is very likely that the Obama administration will gradually recognize the need for a second fiscal stimulus package to boost the U.S. economy. However, the administration will find it difficult to sell a second stimulus package to Congress, especially in a midterm election year. Many members of Congress will doubt the need for a second stimulus package, and they will doubt whether the U.S. can afford another round of easy fiscal policy. In particular, the Congressional Budget Office predicts that the share of U.S. public debt in GDP will rise from around 40% at present to more than 80% in the next decade, the largest increase in peacetime. Given that the U.S. economy still faces too many risks, I hope U.S. policymakers will not be carried away by the rebound in the stock market, and hope that policymakers will learn the right lessons from previous financial crises and recessions. History strongly opposes the premature exit of easy monetary and fiscal policy, and any concern about rising inflation is unnecessary. (Xingya)