HR narration: The embarrassment of returnees in interviews Our company is foreign-related customer service, which requires very high English. Many employees are "returnees". After interviewing a lot of "returnees", I found some embarrassing phenomena: "returnees" who don't speak English A "returnee" who graduated from an Australian Master of Finance came to interview for our English customer service position. At first, her fluent self-introduction made me feel good about her. But once she entered the question and answer questions, she hesitated, looked around, and finally lowered her head and said, "My English is not so good." (My English is not very good). I was sweating on the spot - I dared to say that her self-introduction just now was the result of reciting it N times. How did she study and live abroad? It turned out that she spent the rest of the time with her Chinese classmates in addition to classes, and had very little time to speak English. After the interview, she also asked: "Where did you study? English is so good." I said: "Born and raised in China." The "returnees" who demand low prices are not every "returnee" nowadays. The salary requirements are very high, and I have encountered several "returnees" who only asked for 3,000 yuan per month before tax. It's not because of their bad academic qualifications or the financial crisis that they are willing to "sell cheap", but because they have a good mentality, put themselves in the position of fresh graduates, and apply for jobs with a learning attitude; some are also because of self-confidence Insufficient heart, plus there is really no strong thing to prove his strength. It can be seen that sometimes a foreign diploma is not equivalent to a high income. The arrogant "returnees" often encounter some "returnees". Because they have several years of experience abroad, they have a strong sense of superiority. The new unit realizes "international management". Such overconfident "returnees" will usually be "shot to death" directly after the interview. But out of politeness, when we declined, we would say that this position is temporarily unavailable or that an internal transfer has been completed. Unexpectedly, a "returnee" called later and said, "Then assign me to another department, I completely meet the requirements. Your definition of talent here." Speechless. The above are all special cases. Judging from the people I contacted, the "returnees" generally have a good attitude and high quality. Under the same expectation of remuneration, our company will still leave more opportunities to those who have study and work experience abroad. (Editor: Zhao Lu)