U.S. experts say humans may never be able to fly out of the solar system A few days ago, they said that they recently concluded through analysis that even with today's theoretically most advanced rocket propulsion technology, it is impossible for humans to land on any star outside the solar system during its life cycle. This means that the dream of humans flying out of the solar system will almost never become a reality. Recently, at the Joint Propulsion Technology Conference in Hartford, USA, missile experts from NASA and the US Air Force poured cold water on the human dream of interstellar travel. The conference received several advanced designs for rocket propulsion technology specifically for interstellar travel. Scientists conducted professional and meticulous analysis and calculations on these designs, and came to a dismal conclusion. To land on the nearest planet outside the solar system within the human life cycle, even with the most advanced rocket propulsion technology in theory, this dream is almost impossible to achieve. In essence, when humans fly out of the solar system is not a matter of time, but a matter of the speed and level of the development of human science and technology. That is to say, the current science and technology of human beings cannot meet the requirements of flying out of the solar system. Paul Rozano, an assistant professor at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, was also one of the aerospace experts present at the meeting. Paul believes that interstellar travel is a complex engineering problem that people simply cannot imagine. One of the biggest problems is the rocket propulsion problem, including the power duration problem and the fuel problem. For example, with the most advanced rocket engines currently used by humans, it would still theoretically take 50,000 years to reach Alpha Centauri. Alpha Centauri is the closest planet to the solar system. According to Robert Frisby, a scientist at NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory, it would still take decades to reach Alpha Centauri if the theoretically most efficient means of propulsion, an ideal antimatter-powered engine, is used. The space technology currently mastered by mankind is still far from being able to meet the needs of flying out of the solar system. For example, given the wide scale of the universe, even if the speed of the spacecraft can reach the speed of light, it still takes nearly 10 years to fly back and forth to the nearest star to the sun, Proxima Centauri, and hundreds of thousands of years to circle the Milky Way. It takes more than 2.3 million years to fly out of the Milky Way to the nearest Andromeda galaxy, and tens of billions of years to travel around the universe. At present, people are pinning their hopes on the speed effect of Einstein's theory of relativity, that is, when a spacecraft is flying at high speed, time will expand and distance will be shortened. close to zero. In addition, with the current human science and technology, it is also impossible to solve the problem of rocket fuel. Brisbane Cassetti, an assistant professor at Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute in the United States, analyzed that in order to use a rocket to send a probe to Alpha Centauri, at least all the energy that has been produced on the earth must be consumed. That's a staggeringly huge number. What's more, if this idea is to be implemented, the actual energy consumption may be 100 times higher than estimated. It is impossible for humans to really extract all the resources of the earth to achieve distant interstellar travel. In the next few decades, humans will mainly carry out some relatively feasible aviation activities, such as the establishment of permanent manned space stations, the development of cheap space-to-earth transportation systems and the high-energy power system of spacecraft, the establishment of permanent lunar bases, the development of lunar resources, etc. At present, the "messenger" of human civilization that has flown the farthest in space, the American "Voyager 1" probe, is approaching the boundary of the solar system. Some scientists even believe that it may have once broken through the first boundary between the solar system and the outer interstellar space. But strictly speaking, these cannot be said to be the distances that humans have flown, because none of them are manned. The farthest flight distance of a real human being, that is, the farthest distance of a manned spacecraft, is only as far as the distance from the earth to the moon, which is about 384,000 kilometers. This record was created in the 1960s and 1970s. failed to break through. The creator of this record is the "Apollo" manned moon landing spacecraft and its crew. (Liu Yan) Related reports: Voyager is about to rush out of the solar system and will solve three major mysteries (photos) Voyager 2 probe shows that the solar system is shaped like an egg (photos)