 unique insight from an American roommate: Chinese people can master kung fu (Photo) That year I traveled to the United States. In order to save on accommodation costs, I did not stay in a hotel, but shared an apartment with a few Americans in a small town in California. The Chinese Culture Festival is being held there. The organizer organizes Peking Opera and Chinese folk music performances at the opera house in the town. Lions dance in the town square. The local TV station shows Chinese Kung Fu movies at night, such as "Jingwumen" and "Shaolin Temple". and "Tai Chi Zhang Sanfeng". One night, a few American roommates decided to go out for a walk. Mrs. Jones, the apartment manager, said that the law and order in the town has not been very good recently and advised everyone not to go out. Jack pointed at me and said, "It's okay, we have Chinese here." The group of 4 of us really ran into trouble. When crossing a road, a car came to a sudden stop not far from us, and jumped out of the car with a few fierce people, accusing us of crossing the road and causing them to brake suddenly. Someone in the car was injured and asked us to lose money. . We know that we have encountered rogues, and we are very angry. Those ferocious gods wanted to make a move. At this time, Jack pointed at me and said, "You must know that he is Chinese." Then he said to me, "My friend, it's time for you to show your skills!" Everyone's eyes were focused on me, and I secretly complained. Although it is to drive ducks to the shelves, I can't disgrace the Chinese. In desperation, I remembered a move my father used to practice Taijiquan - "white crane with bright wings". I imitated my dad's pose. "Chinese Kung Fu!" The other party yelled when he saw my pose. One of them said hello, and they drove away in a daze. "Mr. He, why didn't you teach them a lesson?" Jack asked. "Any one of them can beat me to the ground!" I had lingering fears. "What? As a Chinese, don't you know Chinese kung fu?" Everyone was very surprised. The roommates have been watching Chinese Kung Fu movies these days, thinking that as long as they are Chinese, they will know Chinese Kung Fu.