Studying in Australia: What to Pack in Your Luggage The first time you live abroad for a long time, it feels like you have to move all the things in your home together. Therefore, Wu Jiaping believes that it is a wise choice to do it yourself. First of all, after arriving in Australia, you are the one who unpacks and organizes your luggage. If you don’t know where the things you need to take, how can you start your long-term study abroad life? Secondly, at the customs office, if you are questioned about what this thing in this place is, and you can't tell it, you will be in big trouble! In addition, please note that the free baggage on the plane is limited. Everyone should pay attention to the baggage restrictions. Generally, the checked baggage of domestic airlines is 30KG for economy class and 40KG for student tickets, while overseas companies such as Qantas, Japan Airlines and Singapore Airlines , The economy class is generally 20KG, there is no student privilege. Try not to bring food in your luggage to Australia. It is no exaggeration to say that Australian Customs is the strictest and most restrictive customs in the world, and they believe that the food may contain by-products such as bacteria and viruses, such as plant seeds, that can multiply unrestricted in Australia. A friend of Wu Jiaping, before boarding the plane, her mother put a large bag of cherries in her schoolbag because she was afraid that she would not be willing to buy cherries when she came to Australia. As a result, she did not know and did not declare. In the end, he was tragically fined more than 670 Australian dollars (equivalent to more than 4,000 yuan). Although Australia is a highly liberal country, if you break the law, the penalties are quite severe. Some customs staff know only two Chinese characters, "milk" and "meat", and they ask you to pay a fine when they see it. The slogan of the Australian Customs is "hurt Australia, or hurt your wallet." Of course, if you have taken it, you must declare it. Because the means of inspection not only include X-rays, manual touch, but also open the bag to look at it with eyes, ask questions, and of course, there are drug detection dogs and the like. When the customs asks you, you must remember to look calm, don't be in a hurry and sweat profusely because you are coming to Australia for the first time or do not understand the other party's words, so that even if you have no problem, others will come to check. Remember to fill in the entry card before entering the customs, some very basic information forms, depending on the level of the university you read, there is no problem in dealing with such forms, just look carefully and don’t fill in the wrong ones, of course, there are more Lots of spares available