Sina Leju's First Weibo Conference On Weibo As we all know, 2010 is the year of property market regulation, and the frequent attack of policies has had an indelible impact on the property market. Weibo is a platform that spreads professional knowledge, shares life experiences, and records every bit of life. Every real estate person has become a new media in the real estate circle. Some people say that when you have more than 10,000 fans, you are a magazine; when you have more than 100,000 fans, you are a metropolitan newspaper; if you have more than one million fans, you are a national newspaper. If you have more than 10 million fans, then you are a TV station. If you have more than 100 million fans, you are CCTV. I think whether it is magazines, TV stations, or CCTV, the new way of Weibo is created for everyone. opportunities for personal media. Sina Leju's first Weibo conference on Weibo invites Weibo friends who are active in the real estate circle to discuss Jianhua on Weibo. Forum Moderator: Tang Liang, General Manager of Sina Leju Beijing Company Forum Guests: Li Wenjie, Managing Director of Centaline Real Estate North China Region, Hu Jinghui, Vice President of I Love My Home Real Estate Brokerage Company Chen Baocun, deputy secretary general of the Economic Union, is the forum transcript: Tang Liang: Thank you for coming to this Weibo conference. Like Yang Xi said, it is a dislocation. My Weibo fans are very few. It may be an aspirational film, a People from the print media chat about Weibo, which shows that the threshold for this Weibo is very low. I also talked with Li Wenjie just now, and I feel that Weibo has now become a brand-new and brand-new product that Sina is particularly proud of. I also have a little Weibo control, I will I often check on Weibo, because there are a lot of people who follow and their comments are very interesting. Sometimes it will delay work, so I will review it now. We are very happy to be able to discuss this topic with so many guests here today. Today's theme is new pattern, new communication, new media. I think I want to discuss this in reverse. I want to talk about new media, new communication, new media first. The pattern, in fact, is that I especially want to hear everyone's opinions here. Weibo, do you think it is a new medium? Where is the new one? Where's the good? Where is the fun? Please talk to Mr. Hu first, he is never bad at debating. I would like to comment on property navigation: