Seven glorious years! "Warcraft 3" has come to an end In 2002, just when people's enthusiasm for "StarCraft" was no longer as high as before, a brand new real-time strategy game was brought to the forefront by Blizzard in a timely manner, he is Warcraft 3. When players entered the magical ancient world from the mysterious outer space, the new scenery made everyone's eyes shine. Although at the beginning, those die-hard Interstellar fans once commented with disdain: from SC to WAR3, at most it is the improvement of the picture. However, when people gradually became familiar with and fell in love with this game, they found that "Warcraft 3" is a real-time strategy game completely different from "StarCraft"! In particular, the brand-new hero system perfectly integrates individual heroism into the strategy of multi-arms combat, and makes the operation art unique to PC games rise to an almost magical realm - a new real-time strategy dynasty is gradually opened! However, just like StarCraft was finally ousted from the throne, the good times of Warcraft 3 may finally be over. The game content was exhausted, and some netizens commented: "It is true that the players' operations are becoming more and more exquisite...but the impact of race tactics on the outcome is also growing... When we can judge the outcome based on some early conditions, our war3 It has gradually faded." Obviously, the digging of tactics by various races seems to have come to an end. Even if "Warcraft 3" is broad and profound, if new content is not added, he will inevitably enter the crisis of exhaustion of game content. Of course, this exhaustion is more reflected in the official battle game mode. Folk enthusiasm has significantly reduced the loneliness of e-sports, which to a certain extent reflects the cooling of players' enthusiasm for those competitive games. After all, this is a public activity supported by eyeballs. During this process, we saw the retirement of Warcraft players one by one, and the disintegration of every team... When the tip of the pyramid of a game begins to shake, the entire base will also face the danger of loss. The official update is gradually lost. Although the version of "Warcraft 3" has reached 1.24, Blizzard's attitude towards this game has become more and more awkward. Divert users who are still addicted to older games. Therefore, in addition to making regular adjustments to the balance, it is almost impossible for the official to make any major changes in this generation of works. And to say "Warcraft 4", it is even more out of reach... However, although the official battle game mode has been declining, "Warcraft 3" is developing with a new game development mode. Another dimension of growth - a game mode inspired by players is gradually replacing the original core gameplay, that is, those infinitely intoxicating custom map games. Although the custom map system has been popular since the "StarCraft" period, it was not until "Warcraft 3" and until DOTA that this system really became the main theme of the player's game. And the development of DOTA has even completely exceeded Blizzard's expectations... In any case, even now, we can't make a 100% conclusion on the fate of "Warcraft 3". But as StarCraft 2 draws nearer, will we witness yet another real-time strategy game dynasty change?