Baoge Odds Interpretation: Newcastle’s home defense against a draw makes half a half of Bayern courageous point. Bo Tian, bwin, etc. lowered the customer win compensation early to control the risk of Manchester United’s customer win compensation. Combining the characteristics of the confrontation between the two teams, the football lottery walks 30. 2. Black VS Arsenal recommendation: 01 Aocai first handed over the hemisphere for the guest, and the handicap may be large to maintain on the spot. Under the same opening, the Premier League visiting team won 6 and drew 4. Under William's same odds, Manchester United were tied in the away game last season; under the same odds of bwin, the Premier League away team won 2 and drew 2. Football Lottery Preferred 1. 3. Fulham VS Bolton Recommendation: 30 The initial market of AOC was tied/half, and the handicap was maintained on the spot. The recent Premier League home team has 7 wins and 3 losses. William's guest win is lower than the flat pay. Under the same odds, since last season, the Premier League home team has won 3 wins, 2 draws and 6 losses, which is also in favor of the football lottery. 4. Newcastle VS Hull City recommendation: 13 Comparing the opening of many companies, William's main win pays 1.70 is obviously high, while the flat pay is only 3.30, which is as much as 0.20 lower than the average of 99 companies; La Boo's main win pays 1.67 Also above average. Such an opening is a question of the home team's ability to win. 5. Portsmouth VS Middler recommendation: 3. There is a big difference in the opinions of the bookmakers. Under William's one-three-three combination, the equal pay is close to the guest win, and the main win is low at 1.95. ; and the bet365 customer win is as high as 4.00, which basically excludes the customer win. Football Lottery Single 3. 6. West Brom VS West Ham recommendation: 30 Under the combination of 2, 3, 2 odds, the opinions of bookmakers are polarized. Easy win and bwin put down the guest win early, while bet24, Canbet and other main wins are in a downward trend, usually In this case, this is a signal that the two teams are optimistic about the outcome. 7. Wigan VS Sunderland recommendation: 3 Eurobet draw as high as 3.40, think the probability of a draw is not high. Under the same odds of SSP, the home team of the Premier League has 5 wins, 2 draws and 1 loss; under the same odds of William, the home team of the Premier League has 4 wins and 1 draw, and both are optimistic about the home team being unbeaten. Under the hemisphere plate, consider a single 3 for the gallbladder. 8. Manchester City VS Chelsea recommendation: 03 Chelsea has a great advantage in the confrontation, but at present, the bookmakers are increasing the guest wins and losses, while the main wins and peace losses are lowered, and the victory balance is shifted to the home team. SSP's main win is as high as 5.50, but under the same odds, the Premier League has 1 win and 2 losses. Soccer lottery to prevent the big cold. 9. Hertha VS Wolff recommendation: 30 Aocai gives the initial draw, and the possibility of a draw/half betting is high. When the opening was like this, the Bundesliga home team had 14 wins, 5 draws and 5 losses. bet365 also lowered both the main win and the guest win. 10. Dortmund VS Schalke recommendation: 30 Under the initial draw, the visiting team has won all 3 Bundesliga games this season. Football 0 is indispensable. bwin reduced the main win loss early. Under the same odds, the Bundesliga home team won 3 wins and 1 draw last season. Botian's flat compensation is as high as 3.30, and the two teams may be the smallest. 11. Hoffenhai VS Stuttgart recommendation: 03 bwin pushed down the guest wins and losses early. Under the same odds, the Bundesliga home team has 4 wins, 1 draw and 6 losses, with a winning and losing posture. Oddset's home win is equal to the away win. Under the same odds, the Bundesliga home team has 5 wins, 2 draws and 4 losses last season, echoing bwin. 12. Bremen VS Kotb recommendation: 3. The initial set of AOC is Qiuban, and the odds of betting with Qiuban/two goals will be high. This is how Bremen 2-0 Kotb opened last season. The SSP main win pays 1.20, which is currently the lowest. Last season, the main win pays off, and the home team in the two Bundesliga games both scored 3 points. 13. Hamburg VS Lever recommendation: 10 Yisheng Bo opened a high water plate in the hemisphere, and the water level in the lower plate continued to fall, which is favorable for the visiting team. Judging from the odds, Xinbao and Bet both raised the main winning claim early, while lowering the equal claim or the guest win claim, and the victory balance was biased towards the visiting team. Football Lottery walk 10 as well. 14. Cologne VS Bayern recommendation: 0 Since 2008, Aocai has made two initial bids in the Bundesliga, both of which are related to Bayern, and they both successfully scored 3 points. From the point of view of the odds, bwin and bet-at-home reduce customer wins early, and the former drops by 0.10 to control the risk of compensation. Football Lottery can consider a single 0 for the gall.