Bao Ge recommended on the spot: Zhuang Jiaqiang opened the hemisphere for Siena's home victory in sight Sina Sports News 1. Boloni VS Atlanta Recommendation: 13 Boloni defeated AC Milan in the first round away, as a newly-promoted horse, the performance is impressive, and Atlan is the home team The team has few wins away from home. Ao Cai's initial match was a tie, and the main draw is currently a draw. When the market opened like this before, the Serie A home team had 15 wins, 23 draws and 11 losses. From the point of view of the odds, bookmakers often offer a combination of odds of two, two and three. Among the companies that adjusted the odds, BetDirect, Bo Tianang, etc. kept the flat pay down to control the risk of payouts in a draw between the two teams. Coincidentally The thing is, SSP, which rarely adjusts the odds, has also made moves to lower the tie-breaker and raise the customer-win tie-breaker this time to prepare for a draw between the two teams; companies such as bwin and bet-at-home have lowered their main players. Win and lose, to control the risk of compensation for Boloni winning. Ladbrokes flat compensation is equal to guest win compensation, both are 3.00. Under the same odds, the Serie A home team has 9 wins, 11 draws and 4 losses, which is also inclined to the home team undefeated. Comprehensive consideration, football lottery check 13, Xiaohu Bo 1. 2. Regina VS Turin Recommendation: 10 Regina is very strong at home. Since February 24th, they have achieved 6 wins and 2 draws at home. In past encounters, they also have 3 wins, 2 draws and 1 loss at home. It is reasonable to open a flat half plate, but the ultra-high water level of 1.15, the water level in the lower plate is still falling, which means that Regina will have a lot of difficulty in winning. Judging from the odds, companies such as bet-at-home and gamebookers have raised the main win early, and they do not seem to be afraid of the risk of Regina's main win. equal payout risk. Under the same odds adjusted by bwin, the Serie A home team has 1 draw and 2 losses; the SNAI odds have not yet been adjusted. Under the same odds, the Serie A home team has 1 draw and 1 loss, all of which are undefeated away teams that tend to have higher odds. Under the same odds of SSP, the Serie A home team has 1 win, 3 draws and 1 loss, and both games last season were tied. Football Lottery optimistic about the visiting team. 3. Siena VS Kalia Recommendation: 3 The strength of the two teams is similar, but most of the bookmakers have opened the handicap of the handicap hemisphere, which is the best reflection of being optimistic about Siena's home court. The initial market of Ao Cai was a draw, and it is currently bet on a hemisphere. When the market opened like this before, the Serie A home team had 17 wins, 7 draws and 6 losses, with a high probability of winning. In the two games this season, the home team scored 3 points. From the point of view of the odds, the bookmakers offer more odds combinations of one, three and four, and bwin, Botian, etc. have lowered the main winning payout early to control the risk of paying the main victory in Siena; bet365 maintains the main winning payout unchanged, At the same time, the level compensation and the customer win compensation were raised, and it was believed that it would be difficult for the visiting team to score points. Under the similar odds adjusted by bwin, the Serie A home team has 6 wins and 1 loss. In the 2006/07 season, Siena once defeated the opponent 3-1 at home. In the case of difficult bile selection in this issue, this game will be considered for bile 3. 4. Lazio VS Sampdo recommendation: 13 Lazio got off to a good start. They beat Kalia 4-1 away, and Sampdo drew with Inter Milan 1-1, which is not bad. In the record of the confrontation, Lazio have defeated their opponents in the past 3 home games, and they have a psychological advantage. However, in the case of Lazio's dominant fundamentals, the opening of the bookmaker did not reflect it. At present, the main winning compensation is around 2.20, and the flat compensation is about 2.90, which is somewhat low; especially among the companies that adjusted early, including bwin, Tipsport and other companies, they all lowered the flat compensation to control the compensation risk of the two teams drawing. The Italian local company SNAI lowered the main win payout and raised the guest win payout to 3.30, in order to exclude the possibility of Sampdo guest win payout; Eurobet raised the main win payout and guest win payout at the same time when increasing the payout ratio. Compensation, the level of compensation remains unchanged, but also fear of the risk of compensation for a draw. When William Hill increased the odds, it also raised the draw and the away win. When the market opened like this, the home team had 1 win and 1 draw. Under the same odds as Ladbrokes, the Serie A home team has 9 wins, 11 draws and 9 losses, but since last season, the Serie A home team has 3 wins, 5 draws and 1 loss, and still believes that the home team has a high probability of being unbeaten. Football Lottery Check 13. 5. Juventus VS Udine Recommendation: 3 Aocai's initial set is one goal/qiu and a half, which reflects the strength gap between the two teams. Currently, the bet is based on one goal. When the market opened like this before, the Serie A home team won all 3 games. Most companies offer a main win of around 1.50. The main win of bwin has been repeated. Initially, the odds combination of 1.25 was offered, and then it continued to rise. After rising to the highest value of 1.50, it has now dropped to 1.45. The same payout Under the lead, the Serie A home team has 6 wins and 1 loss, and only AC Milan has had an upset. Ladbroke's main win is a lower 1.44. Under the same odds, the Serie A home team has 9 wins, 1 draw and 2 losses. In the 03/04 season, Udine once defeated Inter Milan away, but Juventus has always been known for its stability. Under this odds, Naples will be beaten 1-0 at home. In this game, Juventus may not be able to win the game, but it does not seem to be a big problem to win. Football Lottery. 6. Lecce VS Chievo Recommendation: 13 In the past confrontations, Lecce has 2 wins, 2 draws and 2 losses at home, which is not dominant. The initial set and the betting set of Aocai were the main draw and half. When the market opened like this, the Serie A home team had 29 wins, 22 draws and 12 losses, of which Chievo had 1 draw and 4 losses in away games. The European odds are similar to the Asian ones. The odds are mostly a combination of two, two, and three, and the customer win is not much higher than 3.00. On the surface, it is possible to play all three. At this time, it is necessary to look at the changes in the odds and the historical opening rules. bet365 draws down to 2.88, while customer wins keeps increasing, and believes that the probability of customer wins is the smallest; when William Hill increases the odds, the customer wins from 2.90 to the current 3.30, an increase of as much as 0.40. The value of the odds is obviously larger than this, and the point of view is also quite obvious; the bwin draw is a low 2.75. Under similar odds, the home teams of the five major leagues have 2 wins and 2 draws. Taking all into consideration, we are optimistic about the home team being undefeated for the time being. 7. Naples VS Florent recommendation: 13 Aocai's initial and betting markets are tied, and there is no obvious pattern in the opening of the last two seasons. However, from the perspective of changes in odds, including Eurobet, bet365, etc., all raised the main winning claim early, while lowering the flat claim or the guest win claim, and the victory balance was biased towards the away team. When the Italian local company SNAI made adjustments, the main winning odds rose to 2.55, while the flat odds dropped from 3.00 to the current 2.90, but under the same odds, the Serie A home team still got 3 points. Under the same odds adjusted by bwin, the Serie A home team has 1 win and 2 draws. That is to say, in the case that many lottery players are optimistic about the visiting team, the tie game can sit and win for the visiting team, and some are too cheap. Usually, this kind of cheap game is quite difficult to play. Under the same SSP odds, the Serie A home team has 3 wins and 2 draws, which can strengthen our determination to be optimistic about the unbeaten home team, and the football lottery prefers a draw.