Xu Yang's recommendation: Valencia regroups and can win Real Madrid's double-match defense against cold losses 09 Alme VS Málaga Although this season's coaching change, and the absolute main midfielder Melo in the team, Almería is the new coach. Under the adjustment of Acknada, this season has continued the magical performance of last season. In the last round, the home team almost defeated the Valencia team coached by former coach Unai Emery. 1 win and 1 draw in two rounds shows this strong momentum. Malaga re-entered the Serie A as the second place. But obviously this team has not yet adapted to the rhythm of the La Liga game. In the first round, they lost 0-4 away to Atletico Madrid, and they barely drew Athletic Bilbao at home in the second round. This round of away challenge Almería, who is on the verge of being fierce, seems to be fierce. Optimistic about the Almería team to take all three points at home. 10 Valencia VS Osasu This season, the Valencia team's two rounds of performance have been bright, especially in the second round, when the away score was behind, they tenaciously drew with the strong Almería team. The new coach Emery has shown a certain ability to coach, and the striker Bebilia also continues the momentum of scoring goals in the national team. The key problem for Valencia is to straighten out the relationship between the team, so this team can completely compete with giants like Real Madrid and Barcelona. Valencia missed the Champions League this season, and the UEFA Cup has limited appeal. This round of La Liga is all-out attack. Facing relegation Osasuna at home, it is no problem to win, with a single 3. 11 Betis VS Seville The ups and downs in recent years have made the traditional strong team Betis become a weak team. Although the Sevilla team has turned away several absolute main players this season, the overall strength of the team is still there. The Sevilla derby is one of the hottest derbies in La Liga and even European football. This game is also a game that can rank among all the league games, but from time to time, Sevilla's strength is enough to make them from Away from home. 1, 3 are recommended. 12 Gijon VS Barcelona scored zero points in two rounds, which is the answer given by Sporting Gijon, which returned to La Liga after 10 years. From the perspective of the process of the game, this is also a team that pays more attention to work and less defense. If the defensive problem cannot be solved in time, it may be difficult to stay in La Liga, and Barcelona's start is not much better, with only 1 point in the two rounds , Young Marshal Guardiola urgently needs a victory to stabilize his commanding position and morale. Although this round is an away game, his strong strength and attacking power are enough for Guardiola's team to usher in their first victory of the season. 0 is recommended. 13 Santander VS Real Madrid Santander stubbornly drew with Barcelona in the last round of away games, showing a certain momentum. Although Real Madrid defeated Numancia at home, the team's defensive problems gave coach Suter a headache. The adjusted Real Madrid defense has improved slightly, so the team in Belarus won the Champions League in midweek. This round of away challenges will be a big test for the team's physical fitness. It is optimistic that the two sides will win. 3, 0 are recommended. 14 Numansi VS Villali in two rounds of the league, the first round beat Barcelona at home, the second round lost 3-4 away to Real Madrid, the newly-promoted Numancia team showed all the teams their strength. This round will face the runner-up Villareal team last season, which will be another severe test for Numancia. Villarreal re-entered the Champions League this season, and in the middle of the week, they drew with the mighty Manchester United on the road. The signings this season are also quite strong. spark. Also optimistic about the outcome of the two sides. 3, 0 are recommended. (Xu Yang)