Quebec immigration does not open the door to lawyers and doctors "Interview free". At the briefing meeting, a consulting agency asked the immigration officer: "What is the proportion of exempted interviews?" The immigration director said that there is no rigid standard to stipulate how many applicants can be exempted from interviews. Whether or not to be exempted from interviews depends on the applicant's application documents. completeness. If the applicant cannot provide complete application documents, the percentage of exempted interviews is estimated to be very limited. If applicants can provide complete documents, the immigration office naturally hopes that more people will be exempted from interviews. Cancellation of supplementary documents 10 working days before the interview: Before the intermediary level is more tested, the applicant can supplement the application materials 10 working days before the interview for the immigration officer to use during the interview; this procedure has been announced at this briefing meeting. was repealed. Applicants should not submit new supplementary documents in person during the interview, as this may have two consequences: the lesser one is to suspend the interview and wait for the next interview; the more serious one is to directly reject the visa. This is more demanding on the documents provided by the consulting agency when submitting the form. Also, if the documentation is done well enough, the applicant has a good chance of being exempt from the interview. Comprehensive talent management experience: no longer require "top leader", relax to the level of vice president and director. In the past, Quebec requires investment immigration applicants to be the "top leader" of the company. These people can be shareholders or general managers. In the past 10 years There are 3 years of successful management experience in the past year; now this requirement has been greatly relaxed, and it is not necessarily required to be the "top leader" of the enterprise, but can be at the level of vice president and director, with 2 years of management experience in 5 years. In the application documents, applicants at this level are required to provide a "Power of Attorney". The limitation to note is that although the management level requirements are reduced, the management content has not been reduced. Professional talents: Before law firm and clinic partners were first qualified to apply for investment immigration in Quebec, the media regarded the relaxation of professional talent management experience as a major reform of the new immigration policy in Quebec, but now it seems that the impact is limited. The professional talent requirement for investment immigration is the management talents of the professional. Ordinary doctors and lawyers still cannot meet the application qualifications for investment immigration in Quebec because they do not have business management experience. There are also detailed rules for the management experience of professional talents. For example, the professional cannot be an employee, but must employ at least 2 (or more) full-time employees. Can be counted as spousal property, recognition of gifts and inheritances: Declaration of the source of property is not exempt In the new regulations, the Immigration Bureau recognizes the joint property of husband and wife, and recognizes gifts and inheritances. This is a major positive for immigrant applicants who are worth less than $800,000. However, the declaration of the source of property is unavoidable. And the more complete and detailed the source of the declaration, the better. The amount of investment immigration is expected to increase by 60%. The director of the Immigration Bureau of Quebec, Canada in Hong Kong revealed that the investment amount that Quebec Province hopes to absorb from 2008 to 2012 will increase by 60%, which means that the opportunity to apply for investment immigration in Quebec has also increased in the same proportion. Tips: 1. All document signatures of immigration applicants must be signed in Chinese, please do not use English names or Chinese pinyin signatures. 2. Over-age children who are studying can also immigrate with the whole family. Quebec's investment immigration regulations stipulate that the main applicant can immigrate with his spouse and children under the age of 22. In this explanation, if children aged 22 and above are still studying in full-time schools (colleges) and have not yet worked, they can immigrate with the main applicant. 3. The Immigration Bureau of Quebec will not arrange for new immigration applicants to interview in Montreal, Quebec, and the interviews will be centralized at the Immigration Bureau of Quebec in Hong Kong (except for those who have been notified of interviews in Montreal, Quebec).