Take five famous school offers: I was 18 that year (photos) I always feel that 18 years old is a very important stage in life. In China, this is a sign that a child has finally grown up and will begin to take responsibility independently. For me, turning 18 represents something extraordinary, because it was a year in which I completed the hardest and greatest transformation of my life. This year, I pushed open the door, discovered a whole new world, and stepped into a bigger stage. When I was 18, I left my parents and family to study IB (International Baccalaureate) at the prestigious Sevenoaks School in England. The original intention of IB is to serve international schools and to facilitate the admission of children from international families. It is also an international curriculum that is recognized by all international universities. Seven Oaks School was ranked first in The Independent (a famous British newspaper) in 2004, and was also named School of The Year by The Times in 2007. Here, I met first-class students from the UK and Europe, which also means the most intense academic competition; 70% of the professors who teach are PhDs or masters who graduated from Cambridge and Oxford; courses and professors are all in English The strong British accent made it difficult for me to adapt; I was separated from my parents by thousands of miles, so even if I suffered grievances, I could only bear it silently. On top of that, I had to deal with insulting provocations from seniors. The IB course is divided into two grades, Lower 6th and Upper 6th, which are equivalent to the second and third year of high school in China. Maybe it is the same as in the American prison movie, once a new person enters, he must be bullied by the prison boss first, go to your arrogance, Seven Oaks School also has such a tradition, our Lower 6th students seem to be destined to be bullied by the Upper 6th. In our second week of school, they finally took action and threw our luggage and bed (with the bed frame out) on the football field and on our apartment floor while we were going to class Full of all kinds of disgusting things. One time, one of my roommates offended them and they threw eggs on his bed while he was asleep (because our dorms can't be locked) and my roommate was scared to hide under the covers Cry. During that time, because I was older, I also took the initiative to clean the room and comfort my roommate. And when I said Upper 6th, we broke the "tradition" of bullying newcomers, so the next edition is quite lucky. There were many people who took the SAT in the Upper 6th that year, and most of them scored between 1200-1400 (the total score at the time was 1600). In order to prove that I was capable of doing better than them, I was still reading Lower 6th, so I started to memorize SAT words every night and do practice questions non-stop. In the end, I got a perfect score in the English section, with a total score of 1560 on the SAT. It was also at that time that I decided to go to college in the United States. Although 30% of Seven Oaks graduates go to Cambridge and Oxford in the UK (my sister was also studying at Cambridge at the time), when I got a Yale brochure from a classmate, I started to have a little bit of an idea for American universities. When I got to know it, I felt a strong yearning for the top universities in the United States with more intense competition. So when I was in the Upper 6th, I started to prepare for the application to American universities. At that time, I had just come into contact with applying for international universities, and I was not very clued up, so a friend advised me to find some application consulting companies for help. I went to ask some professional application consulting companies, hoping their experience can help me and give me more professional guidance. But I am very disappointed that those companies either require me to hand over all the application materials to them, and let them do it on their behalf, and even the school's admission notice will be sent to their mailbox. I have to pay extra fees, which makes me feel that I have completely lost control and initiative over my own destiny; or it is stipulated that if they get a scholarship, they will take part of it as additional compensation, which I think is extremely unfair, because this Obviously not what they deserve. I had no choice but to start fighting alone. Few of my classmates and seniors have successfully applied for admission to top schools in the United States. I have no way to learn from experience and lack professional guidance. I threw myself into applying for schools day and night, researching the characteristics of each school, choosing a few key subjects to apply for, filling out various application forms, and writing a lot of essays. There were many problems at that time. For example, international students and American students use the same application form, but in fact, due to differences in the educational system and other aspects, there are some questions on the application form, I don't know how to fill in the most accurate. Not to mention writing essays. I wrote and revised, revised and re-written. When I wrote, I didn’t know if I wrote it right or not, and when I revised, I didn’t know if it was good or not. I took the essay and asked my friends to help me read it, and the general feedback was: "Not bad". But I just want to know how to write better! The teachers couldn't help me too much either because they were not very familiar with American universities. In the end, I had to find a teacher who came from the United States to communicate, but he himself graduated from Fordham University and did not have a deep understanding of Ivy League schools. Although it was not the best, it was the only help I could rely on at that time. In short, the application process was full of groping difficulties and confusion, and finally being admitted to 5 Ivy League schools is a reward for my hard work, but it is also a kind of luck. It was also at that time that I had the idea to start a truly professional education consulting company. Unlike the consulting firms I've met, I want students to be fully involved in the entire application process, writing their own materials and making their own decisions. I want to provide individualized guidance to applicants based on in-depth knowledge, expertise and ability of the American university system, and in the process, students' abilities can also be truly improved. I certainly don't take a commission from the student's scholarship. Today, the establishment of Tuosi Education has truly fulfilled my original entrepreneurial dream and upheld my beliefs back then. The age of 18 was the hardest and most challenging time in my memory, but also full of precious memories and experiences. From then on, I began to face all aspects of hardship truly independently, and to meet a variety of different people and cultures; I began to mature and take on the responsibilities of being a grown man. So when some Chinese parents asked me if it would be too risky to send their children to study abroad in high school and college, I would tell them this: give children a chance to grow independently, and they also need this opportunity to complete their own metamorphosis.