Analysis: How long will it take for mobile online games? (Picture) In the eyes of many people in the industry, the mobile game industry has always been in a period of budding, and the advantages of this industry are that it has a large potential user base and a wide willingness to consume. At the same time, excessive mobile Internet traffic fees make mobile Internet users too few, stand-alone game piracy is serious, and online game development and operation costs are too high, which has also become a bottleneck hindering its development. Single-player game piracy is serious and unreasonable in the distribution of benefits. Many development companies believe that single-player games should be the most suitable mobile entertainment mode. However, if the piracy problem is not solved, the current bleak situation cannot be completely improved. At the same time, the unreasonable distribution of interests between developers and operators, and the low income of developers also inhibited the development of mobile games. Zhang Lili, general manager of Beijing Suishou Interactive, said: "Piracy has destroyed China's film and television industry, the PC stand-alone game industry, and the mobile stand-alone game industry. I make mobile games because I like to play games. In fact, what I want to do most is video games, but because piracy is impossible in China. So I can only do online games, because this can be pirated. Although as a game lover, I have benefited from pirated games for so many years. But when I was really engaged in this industry, piracy actually ruined the dreams of many gamers, so I had to accept the reality." Zhang Lili also hopes that as the country's legal system becomes more and more sound, operators can also talk to supervisors. The department appropriately strengthens the supervision and management of this industry. He said: "We strive to make mobile games a creative industry. I always hope that someone will do it. I very much hope that the problem of piracy can be solved in China, but not all. Can you try it in a certain segment? This is something our industry has been advocating." Regarding the unreasonable distribution of interests between developers and operators and the lack of developers' income, Zhang Lili explained in detail: "If there is a profit of 100 yuan, the operator will take 15 % to 30%, the value-added service provider will take 30% or more, so only 30% is left for developers. Faced with such a small income, many development companies have stopped research and development and turned to other fields.” Online game development costs are high, and operations are difficult. "Mobile online games are very difficult to do because the threshold is too high." Zhang Lili sighed, "Because the screens of mobile terminals are different and the operating systems are diverse, the mobile online game products developed are required to be suitable for use. It can be allocated to various models. The non-uniform terminal standards have created great difficulties for the development and operation of mobile games, and the cost is also very high.” From the point of view of research and development, in the field of mobile phones, the operating system is not unified, and the hardware is also very different. Zhang Lili said: "Different brands of mobile phones have different operating systems, and the performance is also very different. The mobile games we develop must match at most more than 700 terminal mobile phones, which is difficult and costly. He went on to say: "When we first started making mobile online games, the resolution was 128×128, and now the maximum resolution is 320×640, which is 20 times worse. In this environment, if we want to make games, it is very It is difficult to give users the best product experience. It is more troublesome to deal with this problem in mobile online games. For example, when I design a map, it takes 16 screens to walk to an exit. Depending on the resolution, the number of screens passed is also different. Yes, different models will give users a different experience if they use the same map. But the map of online games must be the same for all users, so this is a headache for us.” In addition, the reporter also learned that since 2007, The problem is especially obvious when there are many terminal models. Coupled with the lack of color and operability, the user experience is poor. Many mobile phones do not have game support functions, and many mobile games support models are limited. Users of different models experience completely different game effects when playing the same mobile online game, which has become an important bottleneck for the development of mobile online games. Excessive data charges and few Internet users Up to now, the usage of mobile phones in my country has exceeded 550 million. Although there are a large number of mobile phone users in China, only a minority of them actually use mobile phones to surf the Internet and engage in entertainment. Compared with PC online games, the high traffic fees of mobile online games also isolate some users from the gate of mobile games to a certain extent. In this regard, Zhang Lili said: "The reason why this industry cannot develop is that the traffic fee is too high. 3G is a major benefit to all wireless industries. China Mobile lowered the traffic fee by 2 in January 2009. /3. This is mainly due to the constant changes in the operator's mentality brought about by potential competition, and the continuous reduction of traffic charges. But for mobile phones, there are still many constraints, and the developer's factor is a big constraint. As far as games are concerned, the ultimate pursuit is the game experience. The operator's lowering of tariffs will bring about rapid user growth." "The other is the payment channel. Shanda has built a payment system for online games, and everyone will benefit. But It is not easy to do in the mobile field. These are all major constraints. The issuance of 3G licenses is very beneficial to our mobile online games, but there are still many constraints, and mobile online games will not explode this year.” Zhang Lili Say so. The market prospect is good and the development task is arduous. From this point of view, the mobile online game industry can only establish a full set of functional services for product development, charging, promotion and operation management only by fully integrating the resources of each link of the industry chain. China is the largest mobile phone consumer in the world, and its 550 million mobile phone users have also brought a broad audience base to the development of the mobile game industry. The biggest advantage of mobile games is that they can be played anytime, anywhere without the constraints of time and space. Zhang Lili told reporters: "The 3G era is approaching, with the further popularization of mobile Internet access and the further reduction of tariffs, the number of people who try to use mobile phones for entertainment and interaction will gradually increase. At the same time, with the maturity of China's mobile payment system, the profit model is also gradually increasing. Clearly, we have reasons to believe that mobile phones will occupy a more important position in people's Internet entertainment life in the future. However, this situation will not appear in front of people soon. Before preparing for the sunshine of mobile online games, we must experience the cold winter. The problem of model adaptation and the limitations of mobile phone hardware still exist." At the same time, he also said, "The outbreak of the mobile online game business will definitely come. Since 2005, some people have said that it is a critical point, and I have seen many companies 'die'. Now, many projects have been 'cut off'. The real development of an industry is to do things down-to-earth, especially when PC online games are developing relatively well, there is no need for everyone to take risks. It is said that the spring of mobile online games is coming, and every year Everyone said, I think this is my own comfort. But I am very optimistic, and I believe that mobile online games will definitely come.” Business Daily reporter Wu Shan/Wen Wang Xiaoying/Picture In the eyes of many industry insiders, the mobile game industry has always been in a period of budding, and the advantages of this industry are that it has a large potential user base and a wide willingness to consume. At the same time, excessive mobile Internet traffic fees make mobile Internet users too few, stand-alone game piracy is serious, and online game development and operation costs are too high, which has also become a bottleneck hindering its development. Single-player game piracy is serious and unreasonable in the distribution of benefits. Many development companies believe that single-player games should be the most suitable mobile entertainment mode. However, if the piracy problem is not solved, the current bleak situation cannot be completely improved. At the same time, the unreasonable distribution of interests between developers and operators, and the low income of developers also inhibited the development of mobile games. Zhang Lili, general manager of Beijing Suishou Interactive, said: "Piracy has destroyed China's film and television industry, the PC stand-alone game industry, and the mobile stand-alone game industry. I make mobile games because I like to play games. In fact, what I want to do most is video games, but because piracy is impossible in China. So I can only do online games, because this can be pirated. Although as a game lover, I have benefited from pirated games for so many years. But when I was really engaged in this industry, piracy actually ruined the dreams of many gamers, so I had to accept the reality." Zhang Lili also hopes that as the country's legal system becomes more and more sound, operators can also talk to supervisors. The department appropriately strengthens the supervision and management of this industry. He said: "We strive to make mobile games a creative industry. I always hope that someone will do it. I very much hope that the problem of piracy can be solved in China, but not all. Can you try it in a certain segment? This is something our industry has been advocating." Regarding the unreasonable distribution of interests between developers and operators and the lack of developers' income, Zhang Lili explained in detail: "If there is a profit of 100 yuan, the operator will take 15 % to 30%, the value-added service provider will take 30% or more, so only 30% is left for developers. Faced with such a small income, many development companies have stopped research and development and turned to other fields.” Online game development costs are high, and operations are difficult. "Mobile online games are very difficult to do because the threshold is too high." Zhang Lili sighed, "Because the screens of mobile terminals are different and the operating systems are diverse, the mobile online game products developed are required to be suitable for use. It can be allocated to various models. The non-uniform terminal standards have created great difficulties for the development and operation of mobile games, and the cost is also very high.” From the point of view of research and development, in the field of mobile phones, the operating system is not unified, and the hardware is also very different. Zhang Lili said: "Different brands of mobile phones have different operating systems, and the performance is also very different. The mobile games we develop must match at most more than 700 terminal mobile phones, which is difficult and costly. He went on to say: "When we first started making mobile online games, the resolution was 128×128, and now the maximum resolution is 320×640, which is 20 times worse. In this environment, if we want to make games, it is very It is difficult to give users the best product experience. It is more troublesome to deal with this problem in mobile online games. For example, when I design a map, it takes 16 screens to walk to an exit. Depending on the resolution, the number of screens passed is also different. Yes, different models will give users a different experience if they use the same map. But the map of online games must be the same for all users, so this is a headache for us.” In addition, the reporter also learned that since 2007, The problem is especially obvious when there are many terminal models. Coupled with the lack of color and operability, the user experience is poor. Many mobile phones do not have game support functions, and many mobile games support models are limited. Users of different models experience completely different game effects when playing the same mobile online game, which has become an important bottleneck for the development of mobile online games. Excessive data charges and few Internet users Up to now, the usage of mobile phones in my country has exceeded 550 million. Although there are a large number of mobile phone users in China, only a minority of them actually use mobile phones to surf the Internet and engage in entertainment. Compared with PC online games, the high traffic fees of mobile online games also isolate some users from the gate of mobile games to a certain extent. In this regard, Zhang Lili said: "The reason why this industry cannot develop is that the traffic fee is too high. 3G is a major benefit to all wireless industries. China Mobile lowered the traffic fee by 2 in January 2009. /3. This is mainly due to the constant changes in the operator's mentality brought about by potential competition, and the continuous reduction of traffic charges. But for mobile phones, there are still many constraints, and the developer's factor is a big constraint. As far as games are concerned, the ultimate pursuit is the game experience. The operator's lowering of tariffs will bring about rapid user growth." "The other is the payment channel. Shanda has built a payment system for online games, and everyone will benefit. But It is not easy to do in the mobile field. These are all major constraints. The issuance of 3G licenses is very beneficial to our mobile online games, but there are still many constraints, and mobile online games will not explode this year.” Zhang Lili Say so. The market prospect is good and the development task is arduous. From this point of view, the mobile online game industry can only establish a full set of functional services for product development, charging, promotion and operation management only by fully integrating the resources of each link of the industry chain. China is the largest mobile phone consumer in the world, and its 550 million mobile phone users have also brought a broad audience base to the development of the mobile game industry. The biggest advantage of mobile games is that they can be played anytime, anywhere without the constraints of time and space. Zhang Lili told reporters: "The 3G era is approaching, with the further popularization of mobile Internet access and the further reduction of tariffs, the number of people who try to use mobile phones for entertainment and interaction will gradually increase. At the same time, with the maturity of China's mobile payment system, the profit model is also gradually increasing. Clearly, we have reasons to believe that mobile phones will occupy a more important position in people's Internet entertainment life in the future. However, this situation will not appear in front of people soon. Before preparing for the sunshine of mobile online games, we must experience the cold winter. The problem of model adaptation and the limitations of mobile phone hardware still exist." At the same time, he also said, "The outbreak of the mobile online game business will definitely come. Since 2005, some people have said that it is a critical point, and I have seen many companies 'die'. Now, many projects have been 'cut off'. The real development of an industry is to do things down-to-earth, especially when PC online games are developing relatively well, there is no need for everyone to take risks. It is said that the spring of mobile online games is coming, and every year Everyone said, I think this is my own comfort. But I am very optimistic, and I believe that mobile online games will definitely come.” Business Daily reporter Wu Shan/Wang Xiaoying/Photo