Lakers Prospect: If you don't win six games in a row, you have to win 29 opponents Kobe's favorite. Their unbeaten start to the season became a must. And headed star Kobe Bryant also hopes to continue his strong performance. He scored a triple-double on the field, and tomorrow's opponent will be the Eastern underdog who scored 81 points. Yesterday's away game against the Kings, Kobe scored 30 points, 12 assists and 10 rebounds, and scored his first triple-double in nearly two years, and his state is quickly returning to his peak mode. Knee surgery in the summer seems to have little impact on the Lakers, and Kobe also claimed to have returned to 100% of his level. In the first 5 games of the season, Bryant averaged 25 points, 6.8 rebounds and 5 assists per game. The Raptors, who started the season with 1 win and 3 losses, must not have seen such a flying man. The Lakers have played against the Raptors at home in the past 10 years. Kobe Bryant averaged 33.6 points per game and hit 49.8%. The most memorable game was the January 23, 2006 game, when Kobe scored 81 points and led the team to 122. -104 beat opponents. In the past 8 years, the Lakers have maintained a complete victory over the Raptors at home. The average score in these 8 games is as high as 110.3 points. Last season, Kobe Bryant also beat the Raptors at the buzzer. The last time the Raptors survived at Staples can be traced back to December 29, 2001. At present, the Lakers are one of the three unbeaten teams in the league (the other two are the Eagles and the Hornets), with an average score of 113.8 points per game, and they have only 6 turnovers in the last game against the Kings. How good are the Lakers right now. If the Raptors can be successfully won tomorrow, the Lakers will have their second six-game winning streak in nearly three years. In addition to Kobe Bryant, Pau Gasol's strength cannot be ignored either. So far this season, he has averaged 23.8 points and 11 rebounds per game, and he has averaged 23.5 points and 10.5 rebounds per game against the Raptors in the past 4 times. Now the Raptors do not have Chris Bosh, and no one can limit the impact of the Spanish center. But the Torontonians are not hopeless, they also have a good force from Europe - Andre - Bargnani. The Italian No. 1 pick ranks first on the team with 24 points per game this season. Although the Raptors have lost consecutive away games to the Kings and Jazz in the past two games, Bargnani scored a total of 54 points. In the past three games against the Lakers, Bargnani has averaged 21.3 points per game. The Raptors have always been bad on the road. Last season, they were 15-26 on the road. Since the 2006-07 season, they have never experienced the first three road games without a win. Unfortunately, tomorrow's dialogue with the defending champions happens to be their third away game of the season. Both sides are expected to start: Lakers: Kobe, Gasol, Lamar Odom, Ron Artest, Derrick Fisher Raptors: Andre Bargnani, Reggie Evan , Garrett Jack, DeMar DeRozan, Linus Kreza (Mao Mao)