e-Stars2009 Intercontinental Cup Team List Released Intercontinental Cup Player List Project: Counter-Strike CS 1.6 Project: Warcraft WC3 - Intercontinental Cup 6 CS teams and 6 W3 players list announced- The results of the previous season subverted the results of the fan vote- The list of coaches of the two intercontinental forces was released on the official website on June 9. The 'Seoul International e-Sports Festival 2009' (hereinafter referred to as "Seoul International e-Sports Festival 2009") co-hosted by Seoul City (Mayor Oh Se-hoon) and Joongang Ilbo (Representative Song Pil?) e-Stars Seoul 2009) The Intercontinental Cup players list was released recently (June 2) on the e-Stars Seoul official website. The final players of the Intercontinental Cup are determined by the voting of 1.5 million netizens from a total of 177 countries to determine 50% of the results, 30% of the results in global competitions from 2008 to 2009, and the last 20% by game experts. The evaluation of the organizing committee is comprehensively selected. A total of 6 Counter-Strike (hereinafter referred to as CS) teams and 6 players from Warcraft (hereinafter referred to as W3) were selected (3 teams and 3 players in each continent). According to the released list of intercontinental players, it can be seen that the results of the previous season have subverted the voting results of fans. The Brazilian team Made in Brazil and the German team mousesports, which ranked 2nd and 3rd in the CS fan voting results, were eliminated due to their combined rankings of 5th and 4th respectively in the previous season. As a result, the Danish team mTw.dk, which had a high score in the previous season, ranked first in the overall ranking, while the Swedish teams fnatic.MSI and SK-Gaming ranked second and third respectively and were selected as the final representatives of the Western teams. The Oriental team is represented by Wemade FOX from South Korea, Tyloo from China and k23 from Kazakhstan. Originally, because the Korean team only reached the 6th place in the fan vote, and worried that there would be no Korean team to participate in the conference, but because it won the first place in the 08-09 performance evaluation, Wemade FOX became the first overall ranking to enter the selection list. It is not easy for the world's top Korean player to become the representative of the Eastern Division. In the fan vote, only moon won the third place due to the Chinese crowd tactics. Park June "Lyn", who only reached the seventh place in the fan vote, won the ESWC Masters of Athens 2008 championship and last month in South Korea. The runner-up of the ESWC Asia Masters held in Tianan won the first place in the previous season's performance evaluation and the third place in the overall ranking, and entered the ranks of representatives of the Eastern team. Only Dennis Schneider "HasuObs" of the German players who finished 1st to 3rd in the Western team's fan vote was selected to represent the Western team. Manuel Schenkhuizen "Grubby" of the Netherlands and Pedro Moreno "LucifroN" of Spain, who were only 4th in the fan vote due to Germany's high voter turnout, eventually became the Western team representatives. The best players of the Eastern and Western teams have been selected, and the results of the selection of the coaches who can inspire the players will be announced on the official website on June 9. 'e-Stars Seoul', featuring the Intercontinental Cup, is divided into Asian groups and European and American groups based on the favorite items of Warcraft 3 and Counter-Strike 1.6, which are the favorites of professional players from all over the world. In this conference, the King of the Game will also be used to select the strongest players in the two projects. Esports fans are already looking forward to which team and player will be called the King of Kings.