Decades of Cold Window Encounter U.S. College Graduates' Employment Slump According to a report from the World Daily, Cold Window has struggled through hard work, but this year's graduates are facing extremely difficult employment prospects. Employers hired 22 percent fewer graduates this year than last year, according to a study of 2009 graduates by the National Association of Colleges and Employers. Jiang Dongxian, a Chinese-American student who will graduate from the New York University School of Social Work on the 11th, received a bachelor's degree in psychology from Hunter College of the City University of New York two years ago, and found an internship in a residential community organization that specializes in serving Chinese Americans. She had the opportunity to obtain the organization at that time. The social work assignments provided and serving the Chinese are also one of her ideals. However, due to the shortage of H1B mission visas, she lost the opportunity to work. Jiang Dongxian returned to school to continue her studies. She was admitted to the School of Social Work of New York University and completed her master's degree in 16 months. However, when she graduated this year, she encountered the financial crisis and economic recession, and the job market was extremely sluggish. When trying on her graduation gown, no company had officially approved her assignment request. She said that despite the slump in employment, the only thing that keeps her hopeful is that she has bilingual expertise in both Chinese and English, and is a social work field that is increasingly in demand in Chinese immigrant residential communities. She just hopes that demand for Chinese-American social workers outweighs resistance to funding cuts when she finds jobs in the next few months. Justin Landis, who just graduated from Temple University's sports management department in Philadelphia, had little chance of employment after completing an internship at Madison Square Garden in Manhattan. Still optimistic, Landers said he was prepared to apply to the University of Florida's MBA program when the economy took a nosedive. He said that if there are no better employment opportunities, he will go to study in the fall to enrich himself during the economic downturn. After graduating in two years, the chances of finding a good job will definitely increase. According to the National Association of Colleges and Employers, the percentage of graduates who already have assignments this year has dropped significantly from past years. 51% of college students who graduated in 2007 had assignments when they graduated. In 2008, it dropped to 26%, and this year it dropped sharply to 19.5%. That is to say, among every five college graduates this year, less than one person has found a job. In addition to fewer opportunities to find assignments, those lucky enough to be accepted by employers' salaries have also shrunk compared to before. The average salary of college graduates in 2008 was 49,624 yuan, and this year it was 48,155 yuan.