Video Website Puberty Pleasure and Pain Planning / Zhou Zhiyi Wen / Huang Yiqiu Yang Chunlan Peng Bo If different media forms are regarded as different people, video websites are like the children born of radio, television and the Internet. Because it not only has the content form of radio and television, but also has the communication characteristics and channel advantages of the network. Once upon a time, this "child" who seemed to be spoiled by thousands of people enjoyed a treatment that his parents could not enjoy in childhood and did not enjoy at all: freedom, play as you want. Because they are still too young, the management department seems to have not had time to take into account their existence. Online video has sprung up like mushrooms after a spring rain. On the one hand, all kinds of hot money and venture capital funds are constantly looking for future talents among these "children", and on the other hand, they are constantly experiencing ups and downs with video websites. Finally, the form of video sites is becoming more and more mature, and the former children have begun to enter puberty. Not only did they start to experience physical reactions, but adults also began to think that they should teach their former children how to take social responsibilities. With the introduction of a series of online video regulatory measures, video websites began to experience unprecedented "pain". Originally a free body, suddenly he had to play cards according to the rules, and the discomfort during the conversion process could be imagined. On March 30, 2009, the State Administration of Radio, Film and Television issued the "Notice on Strengthening the Content Management of Internet Audio-Visual Programs" to further regulate the content of video websites. How has the video website, which has always been known for playing cat-and-mouse in copyright, react, and what changes are it experiencing? Where is the future direction of video websites? This issue of "Media" turns its perspective to the video website ecology of "adolescence". News Background On March 30, the State Administration of Radio, Film and Television issued the "Notice on Strengthening the Content Management of Internet Audio-Visual Programs". The notice requires that the film and television dramas disseminated by Internet audio-visual program service units must comply with the relevant regulations on the management of radio, film and television, and obtain the "Film Public Screening License", "TV Drama Distribution License" or "TV Animation" issued by the administrative department of radio, film and television in accordance with the law. Distributing License”; the theoretical literature film and television to be disseminated must obtain the “Theoretical Literature Film and Television Broadcasting License” issued by the administrative department of radio, film and television in accordance with the law. Films and TV dramas without the "License" shall not be distributed on the Internet. As soon as the news came out, various parties reacted differently. However, some insiders said that the "Notice" is tantamount to drawing salary from the bottom of the video website, and several overseas investors have proposed withdrawal intentions. As early as December 2007, the "Regulations on the Administration of Internet Audio-Visual Program Services" jointly issued by the State Administration of Radio, Film and Television and the then Ministry of Information Industry already contained similar content. The sharp reduction in bandwidth costs and storage costs has given struggling video sites a chance to breathe. However, video sites that have not found a mature business model still face strict considerations in terms of policies, capital, and users. The growth history of PPLive on the website According to relevant media reports, at the beginning of the year, when more than 80 copyright owners including Poly Bona, Orange Sky Entertainment, and Shanghai Film Emperor announced that they would jointly form an "anti-piracy alliance" to challenge Tudou, they were stationed in Tudou. The "PPLive Network" in Shanghai Pudong Zhangjiang Hi-Tech Park has also become the object of the "Excited Lawsuit" of the Exciting Group. In the face of the lawsuit accusation of "Excited.com", Shanghai Juli Media Technology Co., Ltd. (the operator of www.pplive.com, hereinafter referred to as "Juli Media") made it clear that what it provided was .. "search link service .. " , the film and television works involved in the case are not stored on PPLive's server, it only provides users with search links to external websites, and does not know whether there is any infringement on third-party websites. PPLive itself does not infringe the plaintiff's right of information network communication, The infringer should be the linked third-party website. After a fierce competition between the two parties, on the afternoon of April 8, the Pudong New Area Court held that Juli Media had a "subjective error", and made a decision regarding "Night Shanghai", "Jingwumen", "Tomorrow I'm Not a Lamb" and "Waves". Infringement cases of five films and TV works including "Strike the End of the World" and "Code Name Sharp Sword" were collectively pronounced, and Juli Media "five battles were lost", and the court ordered it to compensate Shanghai Xingxing Network Co., Ltd. 63,000 yuan and 21,875 yuan for economic loss fees, and stop the infringement of the above-mentioned right of information network dissemination of film and television works. As one of the earliest video sites in China, PPLive started with technology and formed its core advantages. It has always claimed to use genuine on-demand/live broadcast as its own video mode, but it has frequently encountered copyright lawsuits in recent times. The reasons for these lawsuits have been No way to pursue it, but the growth of PPLive has caught our attention. .. The birth of PPLive, the prequel of PPLive, is related to a young man who was only 24 years old and dropped out of school to start a business. In a foreign language class, the teacher asked him to give himself an English name. Yao Xin, who was 13 or 14 years old at the time, took Bill Yao as his English name after reading the biography of Gates. It really has the shadow of the "Gates Model": he gave up the opportunity to study for a master's degree at Huazhong University of Science and Technology, and decided to drop out of school to start a business. For this unexpected move, it is "football to blame". During the 2002 World Cup, because there was no cable TV in the dormitory of Huazhong University of Science and Technology, Yao Xin, a fan, had to rent a hotel room with his brothers to watch the football match. This scene inspired Yao Xin to try to solve the problem on the Internet by technical means. Interest in watching TV shows. After returning to school in the summer of 2004, Yao Xin said goodbye to "study" and embarked on the road of "entrepreneurship". He said that he was "optimistic about the application prospects of PPLive". Initially, with the 26 dormitories of Yunyuan as the studio and the computer center as the server hosting, Yao Xin and his team members started closed development. At the end of 2004, PPLive 1.0 was officially born in Building 26, Yunyuan, Huazhong University of Science and Technology. In 2004, good news from the Internet world spread frequently: The 15th China Internet Development Statistical Report released by the China Internet Network Information Center showed that by the end of 2004, the total number of Internet users in mainland China was 94 million; On Ctrip at the end of 2003, as many as 9 Chinese Internet companies were successfully listed on Nasdaq throughout 2004. The good news of Internet development not only brings confidence to media people, but also stimulates VC's interest in video. At this time, the PPLive brought by Yao Xin and his team based on the application of p2p technology refreshed the venture capitalists. PPLive brought Yao Xin the first pot of gold in his life. It is said that this investment was ushered in by Yao Xin riding a bicycle. Yao Xin recalled that at first, a gentleman who claimed to be an investor of SoftBank had called to inquire about the situation of the campus live broadcast network, but he did not care. Less than a week later, the gentleman called again, saying that someone had arrived at the school gate. So Yao Xin hurriedly put on a shirt and rode a broken bicycle to pick it up. This person is Song Anlan, a partner of SoftBank. Yao Xin told reporters that when Song Anlan came to the private house halfway up the mountain behind the school, he learned that the young people in this messy house with only a dozen square meters were developing the latest video online technology and had already entered the trial operation stage. . When Song Anlan left, she left Yao Xin a plane ticket to Shanghai and invited Yao Xin to bring her business plan to Shanghai for an interview. Speaking of this, Yao Xin said jokingly, "The first time I went to SoftBank to raise money, I felt like a court hearing. There were a room full of people, and more than a dozen people such as SoftBank's executive officers, financial officers, and lawyers took turns to go to the court. I'm asking." After the "trial" at noon, Yao Xin signed the first million-dollar contract in her life. After getting this windfall, .. In May 2005, Yao Xin registered Shanghai Juli Media Technology Co., Ltd. in Shanghai, and hurried back to Wuhan to recruit troops and set up a company in Wuhan. PPLive has achieved a successful transformation from a team to a company. . The emergence of video websites from technology to operation has put forward challenging requirements for network bandwidth and video technology, and users have higher expectations for the clarity and fluency of video watching on the Internet, which is exactly in line with the advantages of PPLive technology. . With the first pot of gold obtained from Softbank, Yao Xin rented an office of more than 100 square meters in the entrepreneurial building opposite the school, recruited more than a dozen technical experts, and began to vigorously develop PPLive, and asked for directions in the field of live video. Yao Xin told reporters that at the beginning of the business, the company focused on providing technology, including providing technical support for video Internet access to more than ten TV stations including Hunan Satellite TV, Shanghai Wenguang TV, and Phoenix Satellite TV. However, simply relying on providing technology to maintain the company's operations obviously cannot meet the expectations of investors. In addition, the company's investment in personnel and technology continues to increase. On the eve of the Spring Festival in 2006, the company was once in financial difficulties. Yao Xin thought of secondary financing. .