Vanke captures the keen market trends based on housing Belonging to the form of the complex, what do you think about this aspect? Yin Dongming: I think Vanke has always been able to capture the sharpest trends in the market and make its own responses before all market movements. I am deeply impressed by this. In 2007, when Chairman Wang first mentioned the "inflection point theory", I happened to be there. He raised this inflection point at the meeting, and all the people that day asked him what this inflection point was. Within about a week after the CBD was expanded to the east, after getting down from the HNA Building and driving along Xiaoyun Road to the Fourth Ring Road, the billboard of Blue Mountain came out immediately, "East expansion". I think Vanke is a predictable capture in the market, and at the same time it sees this value. I recently wrote an editorial for Xinmin Weekly, and they wanted me to comment on the theme of "Better City Makes Life", and then I didn't reflect on everything that the city made life better, because the city is not the whole of life . We will have this very embarrassing situation, that is, we have built a lot of houses, but people do not live in them, and how do we let people live in the city? It is very important that we make it have common ground in the middle of the city, have the ability to move, have the ability and desire to communicate. And these can't be solved by selling houses alone, and can't be solved by building houses to live in. We often say that Chinese cities face more problems with hardware than with software. The problem with the hardware is nothing more than that our water supply system or the building we built is not strong enough. A situation like this is actually relatively easy to solve. But a more important problem that Chinese cities are now facing is that the once strong among our urban residents, the spiritual bond that can be used to connect residents is slowly disappearing. We now have more and more communities, but we do not have communities. , The difference between a community and a community is that the residents of the community may have lived door to door for many years, but I don't know who you are. But between communities, anyone who does not belong to the community will be found when they walk in, because everyone is too familiar. Many urban planners in developed countries believe that there are various reasons for the prosperity of this country, but a strong bond has been formed between their urban residents. This bond, a poor research and development scholar in the United States gave it a term called "community eye". When the (community eye) effect is formed, you will find that the strong foundation of the life of the entire city and the ability to support each other has also been greatly enhanced. I think only when we use good architecture and planning to create a good communication space for them, the community can slowly become a community, and the core of this space, for developers, we need to create an atmosphere, We can call it a public building. The activities taking place in this public building may be commercial, but not necessarily 100% commercial. For example, we can go to the store to buy things, but also to the library, like these are an important part of business. These are all important bonds. With this bond, the residents of the community will gradually form a sense of community. We know that there is a very interesting language phenomenon between the community and the community in the English language system. The original meaning of the word public in English It is a tavern. This incident may have an important enlightening effect on the transformation of a traditional residential developer. i want to comment