Expert advice: the top eight major things to move to Australia This article is from Chen Yingzhi's blog For a person or a family to move to a strange place, everything seems to be hesitant and helpless to start from scratch. Here are some suggestions for everyone . . . . A. The first thing to do when applying for a Tax File Number. Every earner in Australia needs a Tax File Number (TFN). Income includes wages or salaries from work, investment earnings and government allowances. Australian Tax Office (Australian Taxation Office) 13 2861 Tax ID registration website www.ato.gov.au/individuals B. Enroll in Medicare and consider purchasing private health insurance Program to provide assistance with medical expenses. You may be eligible to enroll in Medicare and have immediate access to a variety of health care services and programs, such as free public hospital care, help with the cost of post-discharge care, and subsidized medicines. Medicare (Enquiry Line) 13 2011 www.medicareaustralia.gov.au In addition to Medicare, there are many different private health insurance options. For details on private health insurance, C. Opening a bank account In Australia people usually keep their money in a bank, building society or credit union. Australians use bank and credit cards a lot of the time. It is best that you open a bank account within six weeks of arrival, as usually you only need a passport as identification. After six weeks, you will need additional identification to open an account, which can be difficult if you don't have enough documentation. Tell the bank your Tax File Number (TFN) to avoid higher rates on interest. D. Registering with Centrelink Help with job search, social security benefits and other payments is provided through a government agency called Centrelink. Newly arriving residents can register with Centrelink for help with job search, overseas skills certification and access to relevant courses. Centrelink also has a Tax Number application form and can help you lodge an application with the Inland Revenue Department so you don't have delays in getting paid. E. Contact the Health Undertaking Service If you signed a Health Undertaking (Form 815) at a Department of Immigration and Multicultural Affairs (DIMA) overseas office, please contact the Health Undertaking Service at 9:00 a.m. Monday through Friday Call the HealthUndertaking Service on 1800 811 334 until 4pm. If you have TB Undertaking, you must contact this service within 4 weeks of arriving in Australia. F. Enrolling in an English program Communicating in English is very important and critical to your successful adjustment to life. English courses for new arrivals are offered under the Adult Migrant English Programme (AMEP). Newly arrived residents may be entitled to up to 510 hours of free English lessons (humane immigrants may receive additional hours). Please register as soon as possible or you may lose your rights! G. Enrolling children in school Under Australian law, children between the ages of 6 and 15 must attend school. You should enroll your child in school as soon as possible. H. Obtaining a Driver's License If you are a permanent resident with a valid driver's license from another country, and the driver's license is in English or has an officially recognized translation, you can drive for the first three months after arrival. After that, if you want to drive, you will need to have a proper Australian driver's license. To obtain a driver's license, you usually need to pass a knowledge test, a road test and an eyesight test.