Yao Ming: I will take on all four-game losing streak giants' declaration is similar to McGrady's Sina Sports News on November 5, Beijing time, according to "Houston Chronicle" columnist Jonathan Fagan reported that Yao Ming was so eager to win a victory, he even used The phrase "It's on me (I will take care of everything)", which was used by teammate Tracy McGrady in those days, is an excerpt from the article. In the 2006-07 season, the Dallas Mavericks suffered a four-game losing streak at the beginning, but then they became more and more brave, and achieved 67 regular-season wins, the best regular-season record in the league that season. The Rockets don't expect themselves to be the brave Mavericks they used to be, and they don't want to wonder how many wins they can get. All they want is a win. "We need a victory, no matter who the next opponent is, no matter how strong they are, what we want is a victory," Yao said. "I desperately want to see this victory, so do my teammates. So do the fans. I almost lost sleep because of this win." As the player who has played the most games for the Rockets on this team, Yao Ming has a natural sense of responsibility. He doesn't want to see the bottom team in the Western Conference. Houston Rockets. "It's all on us," Yao Ming said, "I will take it all, every teammate has to take it all, this is our shared responsibility (It's on me. It's on each of my teammates. It's on us)." Yao Ming's remarks are very reminiscent of Tracy McGrady back then, he also used this phrase, "I will take care of everything", but the biggest difference between Yao Ming and Tracy McGrady is that he has one more "We", he knows that victory depends on the unity of teammates and himself. It is impossible for one person to defeat a team. Today, Tracy McGrady has left the team, defected to the Detroit Pistons, but it is a bit ironic that the Pistons and the Rockets are currently at the bottom of the East and West. In the past four defeats, Adelman blamed the "attitude" problem, and Yao Ming also blamed himself. Looking back on the last game, Ah Shuai replaced himself at the last minute. Yao Ming did not complain or question, because he knew why Adelman wanted to replace himself. Talking about that ball, Yao Ming said: "I lost a key defensive rebound, and it was the loss of that rebound that allowed Paul to make a fatal three-pointer. If I grabbed that rebound, the situation would probably not have been the same. If it's the same, we can hope to regain the lead, there are only 2 minutes left, the whole momentum will be different, and we may be the final winner." However, there is no regret medicine in the world, and Yao Ming can't take the lead again. Back to that basketball. He and his teammates know everything has to move forward, and a win could be the key to turning the team around. As his teammate Martin said: "If we can't win, the pressure will increase day by day, yes, we still have 78 games to play, but we can't sit here and watch the team record. Become 0-12 and say we have 70 games left. We have to get a win as soon as possible." That's Martin's voice, and it's the voice of all the Rockets. (fat boy)