Kelly index line of fire: Juventus single 3 risky Real Madrid home is rather cold-hearted Sina Sports News People have to have a clear head, enough time, but also an objective and complete data, in order to complete the overall arrangement of an event. This should be the so-called weather, location, and people. For a long time, Kebi value has become a criticism. Although the Saturday edition still has two wrong matches, given the data on Friday, the author has more time to analyze. Although the data is missing, the human brain is still more awake. >>Click to view the data of Kelly's line of fire Let us enter the analysis of the first eight Serie A games: 1. Bologna vs Atalanta The data collected from the line of fire, the calculation results of Kelly's index, it can be seen that major mainstream gaming companies are optimistic about the unbeaten home team of Bologna, The maximum value of kelp is in the main win, and the difference with the other two points is widened. , the smallest difference in the weight value market is that the main victory and the other two points are not widened. The main victory is 0.02 in the upper and lower points difference. The calculation result is optimistic about the home team. It can only support a tie with obvious characteristics. The Asian handicap gives up half, which is actually a lure. The football lottery recommends 13 to prevent a tie; 2. Regina vs Turin collected data from the line of fire, in the calculation result of the Kelly index It can be seen that the major mainstream gaming companies are relatively optimistic about the home team. The maximum value of Kai ratio is in the main victory, and the difference with the other two points is not widened. The kebi value is arranged in order, the TOTO kebi value is arranged in a dislocation, and the smallest difference item in the weight value market is in the main winning position, and the difference with the other two points is not widened. Lost, the game with obvious average data, the home team gave up the half, the handicap was high, the Asian handicap was inconsistent with the data, the football lottery suggested 10 Bo cold; 3. Siena vs Cagliari collected data from the line of fire, Kelly index From the calculation results, it can be seen that the major mainstream gaming companies Siena are undefeated at home, and the maximum value of kebi is in the main victory, and the difference with the other two points has not been widened. The dislocation arrangement is optimistic about the visiting team, the SNAI kebi value is dislocated, and the TOTO kebi value is dislocated. The weight value with the smallest difference in the market is in the main winning position, and the difference with the other two points is just widened. The calculation result of the reduction value is optimistic that the home team is undefeated. Optimistic about Siena unbeaten, football lottery suggestion 31; 4. Lazio vs Sampdoria collected data from the line of fire, the Kelly index calculation results can be seen, major mainstream gaming companies are optimistic about Lazi’s unbeaten, and the maximum value of Kebi is in The main win, and the other two points difference did not open up the William Hill calibre dislocation arrangement, the Ladbrokes equivalence arrangement is optimistic that the visiting team is unbeaten, the SNAI calibre arrangement is equal, the TOTO caliber dislocation arrangement, the weight value is the smallest difference in the market Item is in the main winning position, and the difference with the other two points is not widened. The main victory point difference is 0.02. The reduction value calculation result is optimistic that the home team will be unbeaten. This game is optimistic about the main victory, football lottery suggestion 3; 5. Juventus vs Udi From the data collected from the FireWire, it can be seen from the calculation results of the Kelly index that the major mainstream gaming companies are optimistic about Juventus winning at home, and the maximum kelpie value is in the main victory, and the difference with the other two points is widened. Arrangement, Ladbrokes ratio value is equal, SNAI ratio value is arranged in sequence, TOTO ratio value is arranged in sequence, and the weight value is the smallest difference item in the market. The winning position is far away from the other two points. The main victory is 0.02 points away. The guest victory has a 0 value defect. The calculation result of the restoration value is optimistic about the main victory. The game is optimistic about Juventus winning at home, and the football lottery suggestion 3 is risky; 6. Lecce vs Chievo The data collected from the fire line, the Kelly index calculation results can be seen, the major mainstream gaming companies are optimistic about the home team Lecce is undefeated, and the maximum Kebi value In the main victory, the difference with the other two points has not been widened, the William Hill kerb value is arranged in equal value, the Ladbrokes kerb value is arranged in dislocation, the SNAI kerb value is arranged in sequence, the TOTO kerb value is arranged in dislocation, and the weight value is the smallest difference in the market. The main winning position is not far from the other two points. The calculation result of the restoration value is optimistic that the home team is undefeated. This game is optimistic that Lecce is undefeated. Football Lottery suggestion 1;