Jiang Ping's Notes on Director Xie Jin's memorial service site details exposed one by one (Photo) On October 18, an ordinary and special day, Xie Jin, a great master of Chinese cinema, quietly and silently traveled alone in his hometown, Shangyu, Zhejiang, where he was born and raised. went. No one knows when he left. early morning? Dawn (listen to the song)? Ouch! A master who loves liveliness all his life, likes to make friends all his life, and always hopes to make movies vigorously, actually bid farewell to all his relatives and audiences in a dream, and left! Maybe, when he was leaving, the bamboo trees in the night were tapping on the window lattice; maybe, when he was leaving, the willow tree in the morning light was kissing the autumn water; maybe, when he was leaving, a movie feast was being held in heaven , his close friends and mentors Xia Yan, Tian Han, Cao Yu, Chen Baichen, Zhang Junxiang, Zhao Dan, Shangguan Yunzhu are waiting for him in that world to play the director or toast. Everything is unknown... All those who know, love, and like Xie Jin are thinking of the same thing when they are shocked, sympathetic, and sad: they must make a final farewell to Xie Jin. So, on October 26, the most spectacular, touching, solemn, thrilling, and sincere condolence ceremony in the history of Shanghai Longhua Funeral Home has been engraved in my heart. According to the announcement in the newspaper, the farewell ceremony for Director Xie Jin's body was held at 3 o'clock in the afternoon, and when I arrived at about 12 o'clock, there were thousands of people and reporters queuing in the farewell hall. "The clouds in the Tianyun Mountains are low, and the people in Qingliang Temple are sad. The sisters on the stage cry together, and there is a word of mouth in Furong Town." - This is a poem written by the audience with the title of Xie Director's movie. It's a movie-themed farewell ceremony. I have participated in the funerals of Bai Yang, Liu Qiong, Sun Daolin and many other seniors in "Longhua". Different from the black and white tones of the previous farewell ceremonies, Mr. Xie's memorial service was dominated by red. The head of Shanghai Film Group who organized the ceremony, Ren Zhonglun, Xie Jin's young friend, said that red symbolizes Xie Jin's fiery personality and his pure heart of loving the motherland, the nation, the people, and movies. A red carpet hundreds of meters long stretches from the square in front of the hall to under the Lingshu. Xie Jin, a film director who has walked through countless red carpets, is now at the end of the red carpet to greet Hou who loves him and the people he loves. When I walked into the farewell hall, Director Xie's body had not yet been released, and the wooden frame where the coffin was placed was surrounded by carnations and lilies. In front of the crimson velvet curtain, there is a large portrait hanging high. He is not wearing a suit or tie. The collar of his white shirt is slightly open, and he is wearing a deep jacket. In the photo, Director Xie has a smile on his face, as if he was participating in a movie. party. At that moment, I wish I could hear Director Xie's loud call again. However, the hall was surprisingly quiet. I was holding a photo taken by Director Xie with me during the Spring Festival this year, and I could hear the sound of my own tears falling on the photo. "The film industry praises the coexistence of character, art, morality and heaven and earth, and the screen is engraved with the master's monumental classic masterpiece and the sun and the moon." On both sides of the 600 roses around the portrait of Dao Xie, such an elegiac couplet is written. The hall was filled with wreaths. From the current and outgoing leaders of the party and the country, to the offices of various ministries and commissions of state organs, from colleagues and friends of Xie Dao’s death to students and juniors, there are no less than a thousand wreaths inside and out. I saw the names of many wreath layers: Yamada Yoji, Kurihara Komaki, Yu Lan, Xie Tieli (blog), Yu Yang, Wang Xiaotang, Tian Hua, Han Sanping, Li Xiuming, Chen Chong (blog), Jackie Chan (Tingge blog), Zhang Ziyi (), Zhou Xun (listen to the song)... When President Ren Zhonglun and I walked out of the hall again, the crowds pouring in from all directions were already lined up like a wall on both sides of the red carpet. in the autumn wind. Suddenly, I saw two stars waiting silently in a corner behind the crowd, one was Lv Xiaohe, who played Liang Sanxi in "The Garland Under the Mountain", and the other was Yichunde, one of the leading actors in "Women's Football No. 9", Xiao He. Brother He held a bunch of yellow flowers in his hand, with a sad face, while Chunde's younger sister, dressed in black, had her eyes swollen from crying. I looked at my watch. The hour hand was at 1:00. Chunde told me that Uncle Zhai and Teacher Huanshan came earlier than her. Only then did I realize that on the stone steps behind the sign-in stage, there was director Zhai Junjie and performance artist Xu Huanshan, who seemed to have aged much overnight.