The "Barcelona Dance" of the 2.13-meter tower is no problem if he falls asleep in Kobe Sina Sports News Beijing November 6th news, originally expected a game with no suspense of victory or defeat, but the loose performance of the Los Angeles Lakers made the They almost encountered Waterloo, but thanks to Pau Gasol, who scored a game-high 30 points, he led the defending champions to continue the unbeaten momentum after the season started at home. As one of the core of the team, Gasol once again proved his value with his performance on the field, with 30 points and 7 rebounds. With 3 assists and 2 blocks, the Spaniard is the number one contributor to the Lakers' win today. When Kobe Bryant was sitting off the court between the third and fourth quarters, Gasol's core role was very obvious. Almost every Lakers offense was the first to put the ball in his hands. Under his organization, the team's offense was well organized during this period, and they played a 13-2 spurt during this period, which allowed the Lakers to successfully take a 9-point lead. In this offensive climax, Gasol, 2.13 meters, had a wonderful attack that reminded people of the "big dream" Hakim Olajuwon. Gasol played with the ball in the interior, facing the Raptors defender, he flicked left and right to deceive the opponent, then turned around and attacked, and the ball went into the net. When Yao Ming first joined the NBA, his footsteps were dubbed the "Shanghai Dance" by the Americans, and a classic move like Gasol can be called "Barcelona Dance". At the last moment of the game, Gasol also played a pivotal role. He grabbed an offensive rebound with a layup more than 3 minutes before the end to help the team lead by 5 points again. If the Lakers cannot score at this time, then The Raptors' counter-attack momentum will be even stronger. Although Gasol's control of rebounds was average throughout the game, he grabbed rebounds several times at critical moments, which allowed the team to keep the victory. In addition to giving the team a great help on offense, Gasol effectively suppressed Andrea Bargnani's performance on defense. Facing Bargnani, who is also from Europe, Gasol showed the domineering "king of Europe". He played very aggressive on offense and defense. He didn't play the role he should have on the floor, which is one of the reasons the Raptors lost. The Lakers started the new season with a six-game winning streak, which is not unrelated to the dual-core performance of Kobe and Gasol. Today, people saw more excellent cooperation between these two stars in the game. In the first quarter of the game, Kobe Bryant first passed a pass that crossed the halfcourt and accurately handed it over to Gasol, who was on the fast break. He easily completed the layup. After Kobe Bryant's back pass after the breakthrough, it was another wonderful pass to Gasol who responded from the heel. The Spaniard made a one-handed dunk, which suddenly aroused a warm atmosphere on the scene. Of course, these are just two representative moments when Kobe and Gasol echoed each other in the game. The two consecutive championships made them both trust each other more, and their cooperation became more and more tacit. Gasol is indeed the best player in Kobe's offense. Best partner. The Lakers needed Gasol to play a bigger role on the court when Kobe Bryant wasn't back to his best, and he responded with an excellent performance in the game, and he exemplified the value of a leader. In addition to being able to act as a pivot in the offense, Gasol has enough individual offensive ability to ensure that he becomes the team's most reliable scoring point. With a height of 7 feet, Gasol has a strong attack power in the three-second zone. He has a very good shooting touch under the basket. A beautiful turnaround in today's game reflects the softness of his shooting touch. In addition, Gasol can also score when he pulls to the middle distance. As a European player, his mid-range shooting grasp is also good. The rich offensive methods make him harder to be defended on the field, and it is easier for him to play a core role. Six games into the regular season, Gasol's condition is getting better and better, his role on the court is getting bigger and bigger, and his brilliant performance has fully benefited Kobe. It is precisely because the offense of the team led by Gasol can maintain high efficiency that Kobe can have more rest time on the bench, which will be more conducive to the recovery of his knee. With Andrew Bynum's return date approaching, Gasol's return to the power forward position is bound to be more comfortable, and he will also play a greater role on the court. (Melody)