Tongzhou Huaye Oriental Rose will open in March and push 50 flats from 1-3 residences Huaye Oriental Rose (forum album model room review map search) The project is expected to open in March, with an average price of 18,000 yuan / square meter, and the units for sale are 50-60 One-bedroom, 90-square-meter two-bedroom, 120-150-square-meter three-bedroom. Moved in at the end of 2012. Liyuan Town, Tongzhou District, where Huaye Oriental Rose Project is located, is located in the southern part of Tongzhou District. The light rail S6 line connecting Shunyi-Tongzhou-Yizhuang, the new Beijing East Railway Station, two business districts, and the convention and exhibition center area will all be built in the southern new town of Tongzhou. In the future, the new town in the south of Tongzhou will be the focus of Tongzhou's development. The project has a superior location and good market prospects. It will surely become another "bright sword" masterpiece of Huaye Real Estate (enterprise area, its real estate) in Beijing. Huaye Oriental Rose is located in Liyuan South Street, Tongzhou District, only 400 meters away from Linheli Metro Station. The east and north sides of the project are completed roads, and the south side is the east-west section of Linheli Road. The surrounding supporting facilities of the project are complete: Canal Olympic Sports Park, Liyuan Cultural Park, Ecological Park, Xihaizi Park, and Xincheng Park provide places for leisure and health; Carrefour, Yichu Lotus, Guiyou Building, Baihuifu Shopping Center, and Liyuan Farmers Market are convenient Surrounding people go shopping; Maternal and Child Health Hospital, Ying Nian Nursing Home, Tongzhou Xinhua Hospital, Beijing Renai Outpatient Clinic provide a guarantee for healthy life; educational facilities include Beijing Primary School, Shijia Hutong Primary School, Yucai Middle School, Yuqiao Middle School, Xiaojie Primary School, Modern Music College, Beijing Materials Institute. The above information is for reference only, and the final announcement by the developer shall prevail. Go to Beijing Xinpan Weibo to know the latest developments of the Beijing real estate market anytime, anywhere Click to view more discounted real estate information Click to view the latest real estate apartment display I want to comment on real estate navigation: