Sina Sports News Beijing November 7 (San Antonio local time on November 6) news, the Rockets will play against the San Antonio Spurs at 7:30 tonight. In yesterday's training, Yao Ming and the coach both sold out and said that they have not decided whether to go on today. Just before the game came the news that Yao Ming will rest today and will play in the back-to-back game against the Timberwolves tomorrow. The center who will replace Yao Ming in the game against the Spurs will be Jordan Hill. Yao Ming, who used to go to the training ground early to warm up before the game, didn't come out today. It was not until about an hour and a half before the game that Yao Ming and trainer Darrell Etto came to the stadium for basic rehabilitation exercises. Just like the rest of the Spurs in the previous preseason, Yao Ming mainly focused on rehab before the game. Do some basic rehabilitation, start with some ligament stretches on the mat, and then do some lateral movements around the middle circle. That's a sign that he won't play today. Off the field, today there are some fans from China who are students of Sichuan and Yunnan aviation schools. After learning that Yao Ming will not play today, everyone is quite disappointed. In fact, not only the fans and the media, but also some of the Rockets players do not know that Yao Ming is not on today. Jeffreys came out to practice very early, and when he saw Yao Ming coming out, he walked up and asked, "Yao, are you playing today?" Yao Ming was still talking to him and said, "You run two laps before I tell you." Jie After Fries obediently obeyed, Yao told him that the team had decided to let him rest today and play against the Timberwolves tomorrow. The Rockets' pre-game smoke bombs also confused their opponents. An hour before the game, when Spurs coach Popovich was interviewed by the media, he said he didn't know that Yao Ming would not be available today, but he took it for granted that Yao Ming would be there. Of course, when the media asked Popovich Yao Ming's style of play on and off the team would be different, he also acted like a strong team: "There is no difference, of course we will stick to our own style of play." Yao Ming's absence from today's game also means that the Rockets will play the Spurs with a determined, fast-paced style. It is also a change worth trying for the Rockets, who are not winning on the road in San Antonio. (Houston China Times Volcano Bird) Sina Sports News Beijing November 7 (San Antonio local time on November 6) news, the Rockets will be away against the San Antonio Spurs at 7:30 tonight. In yesterday's training, Yao Ming and the coach both sold out and said that they have not decided whether to go on today. Just before the game came the news that Yao Ming will rest today and will play in the back-to-back game against the Timberwolves tomorrow. The center who will replace Yao Ming in the game against the Spurs will be Jordan Hill. Yao Ming, who used to go to the training ground early to warm up before the game, didn't come out today. It was not until about an hour and a half before the game that Yao Ming and trainer Darrell Etto came to the stadium for basic rehabilitation exercises. Just like the rest of the Spurs in the previous preseason, Yao Ming mainly focused on rehab before the game. Do some basic rehabilitation, start with some ligament stretches on the mat, and then do some lateral movements around the middle circle. That's a sign that he won't play today. Off the field, today there are some fans from China who are students of Sichuan and Yunnan aviation schools. After learning that Yao Ming will not play today, everyone is quite disappointed. In fact, not only the fans and the media, but also some of the Rockets players do not know that Yao Ming is not on today. Jeffreys came out to practice very early, and when he saw Yao Ming coming out, he walked up and asked, "Yao, are you playing today?" Yao Ming was still talking to him and said, "You run two laps before I tell you." Jie After Fries obediently obeyed, Yao told him that the team had decided to let him rest today and play against the Timberwolves tomorrow. The Rockets' pre-game smoke bombs also confused their opponents. An hour before the game, when Spurs coach Popovich was interviewed by the media, he said he didn't know that Yao Ming would not be available today, but he took it for granted that Yao Ming would be there. Of course, when the media asked Popovich Yao Ming's style of play on and off the team would be different, he also acted like a strong team: "There is no difference, of course we will stick to our own style of play." Yao Ming's absence from today's game also means that the Rockets will play the Spurs with a determined, fast-paced style. It is also a change worth trying for the Rockets, who are not winning on the road in San Antonio. (Houston China Times Volcano Bird)