Leju Smiling Angel Show’s performance is booming. See the top 10 hottest real estate projects in Beijing. Weibo Awards" event. Since the launch of the event, many angels have actively participated, and they have written a diary and uploaded to Weibo the interesting stories of selling houses they encountered in their work. It is not difficult to find in these diaries that 80% of the real estate consultants said that they felt that the market was showing obvious signs of recovery, and made their impressive achievements public. >> Massive bargain hunters report this week with millions of discounts. Among these most popular properties, there are both recent hot spots, such as new hot spots in Daxing, Tongzhou and other places, as well as traditional high-end areas, such as 2. High-end apartment between the third ring road. From the warm words of the angels, we can clearly feel that the market is picking up step by step. Today, the editor will take you to see the ten most popular buildings in Beijing, and provide home buyers with guidance. Blu-ray Cloud Ding (Forum Album Model Room Map Search) Angel broke the news: There are unexpectedly many returning customers this week, and most of them are old customers, many of whom are middle and high-income earners. It means that home buyers are becoming more and more professional and have certain insights into the market. >>Click to enter Huangshan Weibo homepage The project will be launched on August 28, and the discount gold card will be applied from August 21 to 23. The discount is 50,000 to 100,000, and 100,000 to 160,000 for the first payment. The discount can be accumulated with the silver card. The main units are hardcover 40-50-70 square meters apartments. The address is located in the east of the road, 300 meters north of the public welfare bridge on the South Fourth Ring Road. Moved in in early 2012. >>All projects along Line 4 Blu-ray Cloud Ding is located in Majiabao, Fengtai District, next to Gongyixiqiao Station of Metro Line 4, which is a transfer station in the future city center (Metro Line 4, Line 10, Daxing Line) . It is 2.5 kilometers away from Dahongmen business district in the east, 3 kilometers away from Capital University of Economics and Business and Lize business district in the west, and 8.5 kilometers away from the financial street business district in the north, which can quickly access the core area of the city. The main unit is a small unit of about 50 square meters. The interior and exterior decoration styles are the classic ART DECO style, and the project image is pure. The above information is for reference only, and the final announcement by the developer shall prevail. Click to view more discounted real estate information, click to view the latest real estate apartment type display, including low down payment, low monthly payment and double low real estate in the capital: Extended reading: >>It is another year when the school starts to buy 10 university district houses to solve the difficulty of children going to school>>In the 2nd ring Residential scarcity, two small units, new housing, full PK >>The brand just needs the cold market, and the hot housing of the 6 famous enterprises in Beijing is fully analyzed.