Portland! The first-round rookie of Satan's curse has one unplayed season. Usually, the spread of terror in places where people can't see it makes all players shudder. Earlier today, the team just announced that the new Argentine center Oberto had retired this season due to heart problems, and another player "falls down" immediately. Elliott Williams, the No. 22 rookie in the first round of the season, underwent knee surgery and is almost certain to miss the rest of the regular season. Williams, who is 1.96 meters tall, graduated from the University of Memphis and is a shooting guard. He has not even played a regular season on behalf of the Blazers this season. But even so, the "devil" of Portland found him. In a team training yesterday local time, Williams dislocated his right knee and was rushed to the hospital. The Blazers officially announced today that the rookie had to undergo knee surgery. The specific situation will not be determined until after the surgery is over, but it is expected that Williams will likely miss the rest of the regular season this season. For Williams, who is only 21 years old, this is nothing short of a bolt from the blue. He has just been fortunate enough to join the NBA as a first-round rookie and his team is not bad. He suffered such a serious injury and was reimbursed for the rookie season without playing a game. However, Williams may be able to blame it on himself "married to the wrong person". There are countless talents devastated by injuries in the history of the Blazers. There are Bill Walton in ancient times, Sam Bowie, the most miserable No. 2 pick, and Craig Oden, the former No. 1 pick. A number is jaw-dropping. The two major centers, Oden and Joel Purzbila, were injured last season and have yet to return, but they only played 5 games in the new season. They have announced that 3 players have been reimbursed for the season, followed by center Pan. DeGraff, Oberto and rookie Williams. To quote a joke from the local media: Portland was cursed by Satan. (Mao Mao)