Jackie Chan's next film is aimed at the director of "Tough Guy" and appeals to support the domestic film. A few days ago, Jackie Chan (Tingge blog) praised the film itself after watching the film. He felt that "Tough Guy" was very characteristic, and was deeply moved by the simplicity and perseverance of the protagonist's third child. The film not only tells the man's sturdy spirit, but also touches the softest part of everyone's heart, ""Tough Guy" moved me very much, Ding Sheng is a very good director, after watching "Tough Guy", I am very impressed. I have decided to work with Director Ding on the next film, and next year everyone will see the new film I collaborated with Ding Sheng." Jackie Chan moved his brother for "Tough Guy" and called for more support for domestic films. According to the release of the film "Tough Guy" Fang Ciwen Film Distribution Company revealed, The most stylish movie "Tough Guy" in 2008 will open the first train for the Lunar New Year this year. The distributors are confident in the film's box office, and they believe that "Tough Guy" will become a unique film in this year's Lunar New Year and dominate. At the recent national film screening conference, representatives of the theater company and filmmakers gave high praise to the film after watching the film. Many people were moved by the third child played by Liu Ye (Ting Ge), saying that the film not only has The arrogance of a tough man, and the integrity of a man, is a rare excellent domestic film from style to story in recent years. It is reported that Jackie Chan, who has worked with director Ding Sheng many times, has also seen the movie, and he also praised "Tough Guy", ""Tough Guy" is a great movie with a unique style and a touching story. I was deeply moved. Liu Ye's performance was very groundbreaking. After watching "Tough Guy", I decided to find Ding Sheng to collaborate on the next film, and next year everyone will see our new film." Jackie Chan also appealed to everyone to support For a good film like "Tough Guy", I will fully support a young director with potential like Ding Sheng. Ding Sheng is reluctant to talk about new cooperation Jackie Chan's new film is both an investor and a protagonist. According to an insider, Jackie Chan and Ding Sheng have had many cooperation experiences in advertising shooting. The elder brother highly appreciates Ding Sheng and has been following the film "" Tough Guy". This time, Jackie Chan is more optimistic about Ding Sheng after watching the film made by Ding Sheng, and decides to invest in the next film for Ding Sheng. The new film is currently under preparation. According to legend, the cast is strong. , it can be seen that the elder brother has high hopes for Ding Sheng. Regarding the cooperation with Jackie Chan, Ding Sheng was very tight-lipped, he confirmed, "Big brother really values me very much, I am very honored to be appreciated by Jackie Chan, I am a new director, and my work has been appreciated by everyone. Recognition is the greatest encouragement to me, as for the new film, I will not disclose it." Ding Sheng said: ""Tough Guy" has not been released yet, and I can't say that "Tough Guy" will be a success, but I believe that "Tough Guy" will definitely be successful. It will move people, and I am very happy to be recognized by my eldest brother. "Tough Guy" is indeed a movie that poured the hearts and minds of our whole team. It is a subversive performance by the starring Liu Ye. I hope that the movie will be recognized by the audience after it is released. Live up to those who care and support me."