Jiang Shan's unpopular search: Tottenham's first win has not yet come to Manchester City to prevent a cold defeat at home Jiang Shan: Before the start of the Premier League this season, no one thought that after 4 rounds, the bottom of the ranking would be the hot man who spent a huge transfer fee of 70 million pounds this season. prick. And in midweek, Tottenham will also participate in the UEFA Cup. Do you think they will continue to be upset in their midweek home battle with Wigan? Jin Shikai: Very likely. Although Wigan only scored 4 points in the first 4 rounds, the team's performance was impressive, including against Chelsea, they all mastered the advantage on the field. The biggest problem with this team is the ability to seize opportunities, and once the game is smooth, there may be a 5-0 sweep of Hull City. Tottenham's defense line is really not in the flow, I am afraid it is difficult to resist the joint impact of Egyptian striker Zaki and England international Husky. My point is to continue to be cold on Tottenham. Jiang Shan: Blackburn coach Ince is now calling for his dismissal from get out of class. They are facing Fulham at home this round. Once they are upset again, Ince's days at Blackburn may be described as a countdown. Fulham have performed very well recently. They have won 2 consecutive victories in Arsenal and Bolton. They have also beat Blackburn a few times in the past. Is there any hope of cooling in this game? Jin Shikai: In fact, Blackburn's recent consecutive defeats are related to the lack of major generals in the defense line. For example, defender Oye, midfielder Grera and Dunn were all absent due to injuries in the last round, which had a great impact on the team's defense in the midfield and backcourt. However, the current injury recovery of the team is still relatively timely, the injured soldiers have basically recovered, and Fulham's recent two-game winning streak has been achieved at home, and their home and away performances are still quite different. I am optimistic about Blackburn's rebound in this game. If I have the funds, I believe that a draw will be enough. Jiang Shan: The battle between Liverpool and Stoke City should be the biggest gap between fame and strength in this issue. Although Stoke City started with 1 win and 3 losses, they still showed a certain attacking power. After all, Liverpool played a hard game in Marseille in the middle of the week. Will this affect their performance? Jin Shikai: There is no need to waste money in this kind of game. Stoke City’s strength is indeed limited, especially the defense is really bad, coupled with the suspension of the midfielder Faye this round, the team’s midfield defensive ability is sharp It is very difficult to resist the offensive of the Red Army. I don't think there will be an upset in this game. A team like Liverpool has been rolling in the Champions League all the year round and has rich experience in dealing with two fronts. Jiang Shan: Let's talk about the battle between Manchester City and Portsmouth. In the last round, many people placed great expectations on Manchester City. Although Robinho opened the scoring, they still lost 1-3 to Chelsea, proving that money alone is not enough. However, in view of the strength of this team recently, their home game against Portsmouth will still be favored by many people, but the strength of Portsmouth and Manchester City are on a par with each other. It's normal, you're more optimistic about that side? Jin Shikai: This game is more difficult. Both teams also have UEFA Cup tasks in the middle of the week. There are some variables that we cannot predict now. However, Manchester City has a big problem in defense this season. The addition of Zabaleta has not improved the defense, and Richards' performance is not as eye-catching as last season. This is also their consecutive defeats to Villa and Chelsea. s reason. Portsmouth is a vital force that no team in the Premier League dares to underestimate. Although the departure of Montari this season has reduced the strength of the midfield, Defoe's state is the biggest threat to Manchester City, and Crow is the biggest threat to Manchester City. The odd height will also cause trouble for Manchester City. Both teams have a very sharp offense. At present, I am more optimistic that the game will be won or lost. A 0 may be a big blind spot. Jiang Shan: Is there any hope for Bremen to cool down Bayern?