Wuyi Yanjiao to buy a cheap apartment boutique apartment special price starting at 178,000 (Figure) Sina Real Estate News (Editor's name Yang) If you are very price sensitive, then Yanjiao can be one of the key areas to consider. After the adjustment of the property market last year, the current housing prices in Yanjiao have dropped significantly, and projects with an average price of 2,000-5,000 yuan are available in a wide range. For less than 200,000 yuan, you can own a property of your own, which is unimaginable in most areas of Beijing. At the same time, the transportation environment and living facilities of Yanjiao are also constantly improving, and the future of Yanjiao is worth looking forward to. The first stop: Dongmao International Garden (forum photo album model room map search) Property location: North of the exit of Jingha Expressway, Yanjiao Economic and Technological Development Zone. The average selling price: 4590 yuan/square meter from the picture is the rendering of the Dongmao International Garden project Dongmao International Garden is located in the core of Yanjiao, and it is now a special price of 178,000/set. Dongmao International Garden appears at the gateway of the CBD to the east of Yanjiao. It is a compound community of 700,000 square meters. It is dominated by boutique apartments, and includes large-scale businesses, five-star hotels and business centers in an orderly manner, forming a complex that fills the gap of Yanjiao compound urban function center. Landmark work. With the concept of improving quality, Dongmao International Garden has set up a 3,000-square-meter "Four Seasons Club" to provide owners with various themed services and complete leisure facilities. It not only continues the functional characteristics of "the second living room of the family", but also meets the spiritual needs of elite gathering, creating a perfect living field with CBD quality. The above information is for reference only, and the final announcement by the developer shall prevail. i want to comment