"Forbes" cover article: The 400 richest people in the United States The cover article of this issue of "Forbes" ranked the top 400 richest people in the United States according to the wealth as of September 10 this year. By comparing with last year, readers see that the wealth of the rich has shrunk greatly due to the economic crisis. America's super-rich are getting poorer. This is the magazine's annual net worth of the 400 richest Americans since 1982, a total net loss of $300 billion, down from $1.57 trillion 12 months ago to $1.27 trillion. A downturn in the capital and real estate markets, as well as factors such as divorce and fraud, pushed 314 of them down and pushed another 32 out of the rankings. The hardest hit is Buffett, the second-richest man. Buffett's personal wealth fell by $10 billion as Berkshire's shares fell 20 percent in 12 months. His assets are currently worth about $40 billion. Number one is Microsoft co-founder Bill Gates, who has remained America's richest man for 16 consecutive years. But Microsoft Corp.'s weak share price and outbound investment have shrunk, and Gates' net worth has fallen by $7 billion over the past 12 months. The rest of the top 10 richest people on the list are Oracle founder Larry Ellison ($27 billion); Walmart heir Christy Walton ($21.5 billion); Jim C. Walton ($19.6 billion); Alice Walton ($19.3 billion); S. Robson Walton ($19 billion); media mogul Michael Bloomberg ($17.5 billion); two energy giants Charles and David Koch ($16 billion each). The 10 billionaires lost a combined $39.2 billion in the first 12 months, a decrease of 14%. Other big losers include gaming giant Kirk Kerkorian, whose net worth has lost $8.2 billion in the past 12 months. Shares in his company, MGM Mirage, have fallen 90 percent from their 2007 peak. Jack C. Taylor, founder of rental car company EnterpriseRent-A-Car, was also hit hard. Taylor's personal wealth fell by $7 billion in the past year due to shrinking tourism and falling private business valuations. The winner of the crisis was banker Andrew Beal. He tripled his wealth to $4.5 billion by buying up cheap loans and assets in a slumping market last fall. The threshold of the ranking list has dropped from $1.3 billion last year to $950 million this year, a drop of $350 million. It is relatively easy to enter this year's ranking list. 19 new rich people were selected and 19 old rich people were withdrawn. Newcomers include Isaac Perlmutter of Marvel Entertainment. His net worth soared to $1.55 billion after Disney agreed in August to buy the company for $4 billion in cash and stock. Other nominees include Charles Zegar, the co-founder of Bloomberg News, who is worth $1 billion; Jack Dangermond, the mapping software magnate, who is worth $2 billion; and Steven Schonfeld, the $1 billion trading mogul. Jeffry Picower, a former New York lawyer and accountant, made the list for the first time with a net worth of $1 billion. He was a long-term investor in the Madoff Fund. He was also rumored to have withdrawn billions of dollars from the fund before the latter collapsed. Returning to the ranking list includes venture capitalist Michael Moritz. He returned to the rankings by selling shares in retail businesses acquired by Amazon and Google. Google executive Omid Kordestani dropped out of the rankings after his divorce reduced his net worth. Another billionaire, R. Allen Stanford, lost his billionaire title after being accused of playing an $8 billion Ponzi scheme and having his assets frozen by the Federal Reserve. Former tycoons including former Citibank chairman Sanford Weill, shopping street developer Matthew Bucksbaum and apartment and residential developer Jorge Perez also fell off the list. The six richest men who made the list have died, including glass king William Davidson and newspaper magnate Frank Batten Sr. Donald Fisher, co-founder of apparel giant Gap and number 296 on this list, died on September 27. The "Forbes" 400 richest ranking list is a rough statistics of the wealth of the 400 richest as of September 10. (East Anhui)