Hong Kong box office roundup (September 21): "Jin Ping Mei" is difficult to revive three-level overview: "Don't mess with Zohan" won the championship, "Jin Ping Mei" exceeded one million Sina Entertainment News Hollywood comedy stars in recent years, a new star has emerged , namely Adam Sandler, he starred in "50 First Loves", "My Big Gay Wedding", "Remote for Life", etc. have achieved relatively good box office and reputation, and his latest action comedy "Don't "Zuo Han", which was released in North America in early June this year, has achieved box office results of more than 100 million US dollars. Now it is released in Hong Kong, and it also ranked first on Sunday with a box office of nearly 770,000 Hong Kong dollars, with a cumulative box office of more than 2.7 million Hong Kong dollars. , is expected to eventually reach between five and six million Hong Kong dollars. The film is a work that makes political jokes and adult men and women relationship jokes, but this kind of work in the Hong Kong market is in addition to the previous "Hello Cousin?!" starring Zheng Yuling. " series were not big hits (like "God of Gamblers 2 ()", "The Gambler ()", etc. are satirical, and even if there are political jokes, it is a brushstroke), plus Adam Sandler's comedy in Hong Kong The market is also not very popular due to cultural differences and other factors (last year's "My Big Gay Wedding" only made about 3.6 million Hong Kong dollars at the box office, the previous year's "Life Remote Control" had about 6.5 million Hong Kong dollars, and "The Longest". "One Yard ()" is only 2.6 million Hong Kong dollars, while "50 First Loves" is even less than 1 million Hong Kong dollars), "Don't Mess with Zohan" has a box office of five or six million Hong Kong dollars. Poor, as Shi Qi commented on its "the most vulgar one, but it's quite funny, full of cartoons and comics, and it can start from being incorruptible and finally return to pure love and kindness. Therefore, although it is very informal, it is better than a lot of black. perverted gimmick". Two new foreign-language films released last Thursday, including director Francis Ford Coppola's "Youth Without Youth," and the wine-themed "Bottle Shock," both feature Did not make the box office charts. On the other hand, the third-level film "Jin Ping Mei", which opened on Friday, won a box office of about 300,000 Hong Kong dollars on the premiere day and became the third runner-up. In terms of old films, "Batman 6" earned about HK$130,000 at the box office in three days from Friday to Sunday, accumulating a total of HK$58.21 million - more than "Jurassic Park 2: The Lost World"'s 5823 The difference between 10,000 Hong Kong dollars is only more than 20,000 Hong Kong dollars. Judging from the box office of more than 50,000 Hong Kong dollars on Sunday, although "Hawkeye" will be released this Thursday (the IMAX version of this film will also be released in Hong Kong, it will have a negative impact on "Batman 6". Certain impact), "Hold the Call" and other action films, but the box office on Sunday is expected to reach about 58.3 million Hong Kong dollars, entering the top five in Hong Kong film box office history. "Exploration to the Center of the Earth 3D" has now exceeded 34 million Hong Kong dollars, and it is expected to earn about 700,000 Hong Kong dollars at the box office; while "My Robot Girlfriend" and "80 Minutes of Death Live ()", two relatively unremarkable films, Judging from the current cumulative box office, it is not bad. (1) "Jin Ping Mei" is difficult to revive the tertiary market (2) This week's new film: action film is lively in Hong Kong weekend box office rankings (September 21, 2008) Statement: Sina.com's exclusive manuscript, please indicate the source for reprinting.