Supporting the Rockets is not only because of Yao Ming, we are used to the proud red Sina Sports News Beijing time on November 7th news, when the current Rockets do not have Yao Ming, Aaron Brooks, and Kevin Martin, you can imagine. What will this team be like? Perhaps before today, the answer was indeed an unknown, but after watching today's game between the Rockets and the Spurs. I believe everyone has a definite answer in their hearts. The Rockets are still a team worthy of support, not because of Yao Ming, not because of the team's record, but because of the redness that is constantly striving on the court. Because it was the first back-to-back game, head coach Rick Adelman decided not to let Yao Ming play and let Yao Ming participate in the second back-to-back game; at the end of the first half, Brooks was throwing the buzzer , when he landed, he stepped on Manu Ginobili's foot and sprained him, and he never played again; Kevin Martin also injured himself in the third quarter and walked directly into the locker room. To the sidelines, but not able to return to play. But that's the kind of team that, after trailing the Spurs by 14 points at one point, caught up and saw victory in the fourth quarter. Later, the Spurs tied the score with their star and dragged the game into overtime. The Rockets may also win at the last minute of overtime, but the players are inexperienced and eventually lost to the Spurs regrettably. Despite losing the game. But in the case of losing three generals, the Rockets' performance still left a deep impression on all fans. Shane Battier changed his usual elegant image at the critical moment of the fourth quarter, and actually rushed directly to the basket. Facing the five Spurs players at the basket, he wanted to make a feat of one-dunk five. Newcomer Ismail Smith was ordered in danger, but he was able to be relentless at the critical moment, rushing to the inside and shooting successfully. Several other Rockets players usually performed tepid in the game, but when it came to the real critical moment, today's Rockets and Spurs staged a lot of wonderful dramas under the basket. In the case that the player's personal ability is not as good as the opponent's, the Rockets have shown their own efforts to be able to compete with the Spurs. In this case, it is not easy to drag the game into overtime. Perhaps many people think that Chinese fans like the Rockets because of Yao Ming. Once Yao Ming can not play, then the fans' attention to the Rockets will be greatly reduced. However, after watching today's game, I believe everyone knows in their hearts. It turned out that Yao Ming was not the only one who the Rockets had been worrying about for the fans. As long as there is the spirit of the Rockets, as long as we can still see the red in Houston, the fans will still support the Rockets. (beep)