Another way: where to study language is no longer a stumbling block The Japanese government proposed last year to "receive 300,000 international students" by 2020. A few days ago, the Japanese government for the first time allocated special funds for the designated 30 universities as the bases for receiving high-quality international students. In the 2009 government budget announced some time ago in Japan, the funds for education reform of national, public and private universities increased by 70.5 billion yen over the previous year, an increase of 3.7% . Of these, 4.1 billion yen was allocated for the first time, earmarked for a project called "Plan 30". This project is a supporting measure of Japan's "300,000 International Students Program". According to this plan, the Japanese side has designated 30 universities as the bases for receiving high-quality international students. The introduction of the "30 Plan" was set up by Japan in order to accelerate the integration of its own higher education with the world. Previously, a prerequisite for studying in Japan was to pass the Japanese language test, which discouraged many Chinese students who use English as their first foreign language. According to the "30 Plan", Japan will increase the proportion of English teaching in these 30 global pilot universities, and consider opening some majors, mainly through English teaching, and students who only speak English can also obtain degrees. Japan hopes to use 5 years to give the necessary assistance to the selected 30 universities to complete the "30 Plan". The "30 Plan" focuses on graduate students According to the "30 Plan", the 30 universities that accept high-quality international students take graduate schools as the main body of the plan. After the project is successfully implemented, the ratio of graduate and undergraduate students is expected to be adjusted to 5:5. Among the students currently studying in Japan, the ratio of graduate students to undergraduate students is about 3:7. Therefore, this reform will be more beneficial to international students who have completed their undergraduate studies in China and then go to Japan to study for a master's degree or above. At the same time, Japan will also improve the employment system for international students in Japan. It is reported that the proportion of international students who go to Japan to work in Japan after graduation is very low, less than 30% of the total. Japan hopes to increase this ratio to 50%, and graduate students are an important force for employment in Japan's urgently needed fields. Undergraduates are still the main force Although the "30 Plan" focuses on graduate students, due to the large enrollment base of 300,000, undergraduates will still be the main force of Chinese students studying in Japan in recent years. In the face of the global financial crisis, Japan has also become a country that many domestic students focus on when choosing an undergraduate school. There are two main reasons: First, despite the The relatively stable exchange rate is not in the trend of depreciation like the US dollar against the RMB, so to a certain extent, it has attracted many groups of students who do not want to be affected by the fluctuation of the exchange rate. The second is because Japan has started to simplify the visa review procedures related to the "300,000 International Student Program" to ensure the smooth implementation of the international student reception program. Although Japan still strictly controls the quality of international students, it is also the general trend that the policy tends to be flexible. It should be noted that with the implementation of the "30 Plan" and "300,000 International Students Plan", Japanese proficiency will become less and less important for international students with a master's degree or above, but for students who apply directly to Japanese universities through the college entrance examination, Japanese is still important. It's the first pass you need to pass.