E-surfing 3G mobile phone can watch traffic and open a new era of convenient travel services. China Telecom Wuhan Branch recently launched in-depth cooperation with public security and traffic control departments, and launched "E-surfing traffic" for the first time in the country. Users can view real-time traffic information in various ways. This book Intern reporter Wang Chunchao China Telecom Wuhan Branch recently launched in-depth cooperation with public security and traffic control departments, and launched the first 3G information source duplex cooperation model in the country. Users can view real-time traffic through mobile phones, ITV and Wuhan hotline website. Traffic information. The cooperation mode of this project is not only conducive to citizens to grasp the real-time road conditions to facilitate travel, but also becomes an informatization helper for urban traffic management. Citizens can choose smooth travel routes, alleviating traffic jams caused by poor information. "E-surfing 3G to see traffic" has become a popular information service among the government, citizens and society, and China Telecom has opened a new era of convenient travel services. "E-surfing to see traffic" provides integrated services China Telecom has the most extensive 3G network coverage in China, China Telecom Wuhan Branch took advantage of the network to launch the "E-surfing to see traffic" feature application in the country. It is understood that the convenience service will become an important means of telecommunications services for customers. Because of the most complete 3G network, China Telecom is the only company that can quickly and comprehensively promote this service to the society. According to reports, China Telecom Wuhan Branch has set up video headers in more than 40 major traffic sections in the city, and transmits real-time traffic conditions to the "E-surfing Traffic" client through the 3G network, and users can watch it through E-surfing 3G mobile phones. Recently, the star model MOTO XT800 launched by China Telecom will also be adapted, and users who own this mobile phone can also use the "E-surfing 3G to watch traffic" service. This service is actually a service provided by the fusion technology of 3G wireless broadband and Internet broadband, which can be realized in two ways: one is through the way of Tianyi 3G mobile phone. Users need to have an E-surfing smart phone, install the "E-Surfing 3G Watch Traffic" client software to watch, or click on the road to be viewed through the Wuhan Hotline wap website on the E-Surfing mobile phone. The second is to log in to the "Wuhan Hotline" website through a PC, install the "E-surfing 3G Traffic Watch" client software, and watch directly online. China Telecom provides real-time traffic information services to the society and individuals by using 3G network and broadband Internet integration technology, opening up a new way of traffic management and information services. E-Surfing 3G enables the whole society to know the real traffic situation anytime and anywhere, and provides an intuitive basis for the smooth flow and management of traffic. Mobile Internet is entering people's daily life. More travelers can learn about traffic conditions through "E-surfing to see traffic", which facilitates route selection and creates conditions for dredging traffic. At the same time, "E-surfing to see traffic" also serves the smooth urban project. . New Channels for Convenience The future society will be an information society, and information is everywhere. China Telecom's "Tianyi Watch Traffic" has taken the first step in the information society and provided more help for citizens' lives. China Telecom is the first operator to open 3G services in Wuhan, and is an information service provider with rich resources and management experience in full-service operations. "E-surfing 3G to see traffic" has gone through the stages of platform construction, network application testing, and user experience on a large scale. Relying on China Telecom's powerful E-surfing 3G network, it has become a mature 3G application launched to users, and has also become a service for urban management and transportation solutions. An information-based means of congestion problems. Application is king will be the future development direction of the telecommunications industry. With the expansion of the application scope, China Telecom Wuhan Branch will continue to expand the service content and scale, increase the scope of network coverage, and provide citizens with better services. Citizens no longer have to wait in front of the radio to listen to traffic broadcasts. Through "Tianyi Watch Traffic", they can more conveniently, quickly and intuitively understand the road conditions, adding another new channel for convenience. In the past, many citizens have encountered such a situation. Traffic broadcasts are limited by time periods. The broadcasts are the most intensive in the morning, and there are almost no broadcasts at noon due to the ease of traffic. Citizens listen to traffic broadcasts when they are ready to go out, and when they travel along the route of the traffic broadcasts, they are extremely congested, mainly due to the inability to understand real-time traffic conditions. These problems will be solved through "Tianyi Watching Traffic". Mobile phones are no longer just mobile phones, but also computers, TVs, live broadcast relays, navigators, game consoles, and credit cards. When we take out our mobile phones, the traffic conditions are in front of us, and this kind of information life is full of infinite imagination. Full-service platform Previously, the purpose of China Telecom's launch of Number Know-How was to extend and expand the traditional number search service on the basis of fully mining and integrating user number information to meet users' actual and potential information search needs. Taiwan will be built into a comprehensive information service platform to enhance China Telecom's differentiated service advantages. Today, the launch of "E-surfing to see traffic" has expanded another characteristic service, and China Telecom has stepped into a new development direction in terms of comprehensive information services. According to the introduction of China Telecom Wuhan Branch, in order to allow citizens to enjoy more livelihood services, it is working with partners such as Kay Rucker and Wuhan Sanli to add information such as maps and road condition guidance. This year, Wuhan will further promote the informatization construction of Wuhan. In the fields of citizens' life, travel and office information application services, e-Surfing 3G traffic SMS query, 114 traffic travel reminder and other services will be launched to continuously enrich the information application service model, and use information to serve the society and service. Urban development, serving people's livelihood, making people's lives more convenient and comfortable, and providing the most abundant information application services for the general public. This cooperation expands the channels of information source cooperation, realizes the sharing of information on three screens, and extends China Telecom's global eye monitoring business platform to the Wuhan hotline "Tianyi Watching Traffic" real-time live broadcast column of road conditions and ITV live broadcast channel, which solves the main problem of the city's traffic information and road conditions broadcast. Through radio and television media, there is no channel to provide real-time local video traffic information inquiries. Through cooperation with public security, public transportation, urban management and radio stations, it has realized resource sharing and information exchange, thus creating a comprehensive service platform for the convenience of the people.