Emergency stop + feint! In the just-concluded Washington Wizards' 91-112 loss to the New York Knicks, Yi Jianlian played 13 minutes and scored 8 points, 1 rebound and 1 assist on 2 of 5 shots. The Wizards are the second-leading scorer on the bench, behind Gilbert Arenas. All along, when fans talk about Yi Jianlian, their mental attitude is often "mourning his misfortune and angering him." In the past three years of his career, Yi Jianlian's performance was really not very good, and the reason why he did not perform well was more because of his lack of strength. This is not without proof. In the recent Wizards training game, Yi Jianlian and Hilton - Armstrong, JaVale - McGee and Andre - Bleiqie all had one-on-one training. As a result, the United Arab easily blew up the three. It is worth noting that although the UAE still likes to attack with jumpers, his attacking methods are not so monotonous-the training video shows that the UAE is dribbling in against McGee and Bleiqie. The opponent then makes a jumper. For a player like the United Arab who is 7 feet tall, as long as the time difference is widened, his jumper will be completely undefendable. But fans who follow the UAE must also know that experts and general managers of the team have pointed out the problem of the UAE - he cannot bring the invincible state in training to the court. But from this game, we saw some bright spots-although the United Arab League did not have much performance opportunities in this game, but in the only 5 attacks, Yi Jianlian did indeed bring the skills in the training game to the on the field. In the third quarter, with 4 minutes and 39 seconds left, Yi Jianlian replaced Bleiqie on the court. After 40 seconds, the United Arab received the ball on the left side of the court. Facing the defense of Danilo Gallinari, the United Arab still chose to hold the ball. The ball cut in, Gallinari could only choose to stick to the UAE in the face of such an attack, but the UAE did not have a way to go to the black. He dribbled the ball twice and immediately stopped to make a shot. When there is a gap, he can only gamble to take off and block, but the United Arab spreads his arm to get the ball back, and waits for Gallinari to fly in front of him before making a jumper calmly. In this game, there are not many opportunities for the UAE to perform on the offensive end, but when there is a real chance for singles, the UAE can really show the state of training to complete the task. Of course, the UAE still has some problems on the offensive end. For example, in the third quarter, when there were 20 seconds left in the walk, the UAE singled against Ronnie Turiaf, facing players whose footsteps were inferior to their own. , the United Arab should turn around and directly attack the basket, but the United Arab chose to carry the opponent to do a shoulder-shoulder jumper, and as a result, the rootless foot was whistled for walking. In general, Yi Jianlian's offensive skills should be sufficient, but how to use them and what kind of offensive skills to use under what circumstances is still a big problem. If the United Arab can further improve his on-the-spot judgment, then his performance opportunities will be more and more. (Gu Da) Sina Sports News In the just-concluded Washington Wizards' 91-112 loss to the New York Knicks, Yi Jianlian played 13 minutes and scored 8 points, 1 rebound and 1 assist on 2 of 5 shots, the second score on the Wizards' bench. Hand, second only to Gilbert Arenas. All along, when fans talk about Yi Jianlian, their mental attitude is often "mourning his misfortune and angering him." In the past three years of his career, Yi Jianlian's performance was really not very good, and the reason why he did not perform well was more because of his lack of strength. This is not without proof. In the recent Wizards training game, Yi Jianlian and Hilton - Armstrong, JaVale - McGee and Andre - Bleiqie all had one-on-one training. As a result, the United Arab easily blew up the three. It is worth noting that although the UAE still likes to attack with jumpers, his attacking methods are not so monotonous-the training video shows that the UAE is dribbling in against McGee and Bleiqie. The opponent then makes a jumper. For a player like the United Arab who is 7 feet tall, as long as the time difference is widened, his jumper will be completely undefendable. But fans who follow the UAE must also know that experts and general managers of the team have pointed out the problem of the UAE - he cannot bring the invincible state in training to the court. But from this game, we saw some bright spots-although the United Arab League did not have much performance opportunities in this game, but in the only 5 attacks, Yi Jianlian did indeed bring the skills in the training game to the on the field. In the third quarter, with 4 minutes and 39 seconds left, Yi Jianlian replaced Bleiqie on the court. After 40 seconds, the United Arab received the ball on the left side of the court. Facing the defense of Danilo Gallinari, the United Arab still chose to hold the ball. The ball cut in, Gallinari could only choose to stick to the UAE in the face of such an attack, but the UAE did not have a way to go to the black. He dribbled the ball twice and immediately stopped to make a shot. When there is a gap, he can only gamble to take off and block, but the United Arab spreads his arm to get the ball back, and waits for Gallinari to fly in front of him before making a jumper calmly. In this game, there are not many opportunities for the UAE to perform on the offensive end, but when there is a real chance for singles, the UAE can really show the state of training to complete the task. Of course, the UAE still has some problems on the offensive end. For example, in the third quarter, when there were 20 seconds left in the walk, the UAE singled against Ronnie Turiaf, facing players whose footsteps were inferior to their own. , the United Arab should turn around and directly attack the basket, but the United Arab chose to carry the opponent to do a shoulder-shoulder jumper, and as a result, the rootless foot was whistled for walking. In general, Yi Jianlian's offensive skills should be sufficient, but how to use them and what kind of offensive skills to use under what circumstances is still a big problem. If the United Arab can further improve his on-the-spot judgment, then his performance opportunities will be more and more. (gu da)