"Business Week" cover article: Can Google still be the leader? The cover article of this issue of "Business Week" believes that despite the continuous introduction of new services by many competitors, Google still has a lot of new service content coming to the market one after another. Faced with people questioning whether the company can continue to lead the Internet industry, Google responded with its own actions. Web giant Google has 2.5 billion searches a day. The powerful functions of the company's service products are due to the fact that the high-level technical experts with great mathematical talent in the company's search quality control department regularly improve these search results according to customer problems. Experts know that the company has no competitors yet, but the company's products still display search results with URLs unrelated to the question or give no information. The result, they argue, means customers are less likely to click on ads on pop-up pages that made up the lion's share of the company's $22 billion in sales last year. Also, dissatisfied customers will try other search engines. Mistakes in search quality are more intolerable today than ever, as companies face increasing competition. According to market research firm Hitwise, Microsoft's search engine and new Bing's market share increased by 1.5% in August to 9.5%. Google's market share fell from 71.4% to 70.2% over the same period. In addition, Microsoft is waiting on the prospect of making Bing Yahoo's main search engine, with a combined 27% market share, giving Google its strongest competition for years to come. In addition, there are rising stars Twitter, Facebook and "knowledge engine ('knowledgeengine')" Wolfram Alpha. The latter can answer factual questions in a more organized, comprehensive manner. These services provide customers with linked content that is not yet available on Google Computer. Despite facing countless competitors over the years and being defeated one by one, in the longer term, Twitter, Facebook and other related service products will form a fundamental threat to Google, that is, a new Internet field beyond search services. center. Twitter, with 55 million monthly visitors, and Facebook, with 300 million, means a new class of people can not only read or watch material, but also communicate with each other, collaborate with colleagues, and get work done through online services World Wide Web. As the Web continues to evolve, there is no guarantee that search services will remain the centerpiece of the World Wide Web in the future. Not long ago, there were America Online (AOL) and Yahoo! But the two companies' businesses are quickly being replaced by businesses that improve reading and help guide people to find information more quickly. Twitter has become an important factor in getting people to focus on the World Wide Web. The New York Times recently said that 10% of the information traffic on the newspaper's website is sent by Twitter. Some market players have become acutely aware that Twitter and Facebook are rapidly rising in new ways that people can not only search, but find information, connect with friends, get referrals and advertise products they want to buy. Twitter's ability to raise a round of startup funding, which has so far been unprofitable, reflects some investors seeing its potential. Investors value Twitter at as much as $1 billion. Google should be well aware of the development of this nascent World Wide Web through its investment in video-sharing site YouTube, online applications, and even in operating systems. But Google has so far not been able to generate a higher proportion of sales from other businesses other than its search business, raising questions about how long it can maintain its important leadership in the Internet. In addition, Google's significant success and its current sheer size are the reasons for further development. The company was one of three U.S. antitrust investigations last year, and it faces the same fate in Italy. The Justice Department also recently warned that Google's conflicting settlements with authors and publishers must be changed to avoid violating antitrust laws. Even Google's own clients, advertisers, are eager to have alternative search engines to keep Google down. Industry insiders also said that people want to see a strong No. 2 search engine. Google is at a critical juncture in meeting the challenge, and it is tentatively transitioning to maturity. The company's second-quarter sales growth fell 3 percent from 31 percent a year earlier, prompting several rounds of small layoffs. Analysts see the impact of the broader economic environment as huge and expect a quick recovery in search ad growth as the recession stops. That's why Google's stock has more than tripled from its 52-week low in November to nearly $500 a share. However, some current and former Googlers believe that the company is too large, slow to respond to market changes, and less entrepreneurial appeal to early-joining employees. The company has seen high-impact departures in the past two years. But the people who leave the search business are a minority after all. Companies are still looking for talented engineers. In order to explore the mystery of the company's leading position in the industry, this magazine recently conducted an in-depth understanding of Google's highly confidential search quality business unit. Google's Search Quality business is made up of hundreds of engineers, mostly non-Americans. Some of them have been exploring search and information reading technologies for 20 years, long before the World Wide Web. For the first 11 years, the company has been rolling out amazing inventions since the original PageRank formula. The person in charge of the company's search evaluation and mobile search business said that the company has been full of numerous difficulties and challenges along the way, but many of them are interesting to explore. Google's latest launch shows that it is paying close attention to the competition in the industry with some feature services. One is called SearchOptions. It's a border on the left side of the page that allows searchers to narrow down their questions based on the suggested video, book, or time of day. Another feature is Google Squared. It organizes information thematically into a table, with hints such as descriptions, pictures, and more. If Google's corporate mission is to "organize the world's information efficiently and make it available globally," then the Search Quality business unit has a broader view of the future of the search business. The head of the department believes that the 20th century was about conquering nature, and the 21st century was about understanding people, not just from what they said they were looking for, but on the tiniest clues of their behavior to infer what they wanted what. He also believes that search is an important part of this work and leads it. Google's experimentation with the product has also shown impressive results. In addition to the company's reputation for mathematical processing and data-driven approaches, it relies heavily on a global network of human-rated ratings, or "raters." The company asked these part-time networkers to provide suggestions on what they felt needed to improve the search business and whether the search results would be more relevant. Google has such a strong search function not only because of its superior search technology, but also because of the most perfect way to match ads to search results. Spending on search advertising has risen sharply in recent years as advertisers seek to get more out of their spending. The jury is still out on how much Google's efforts to improve its search capabilities will affect lucrative ad revenue. However, some industry experts believe that Google can still overwhelm its rivals in this regard in the near future. (East Anhui) The cover article of this issue of "Business Week" believes that despite the continuous introduction of new services by many competitors, Google still has a large number of new service contents that are launched one after another. Faced with people questioning whether the company can continue to lead the Internet industry, Google responded with its own actions. Web giant Google has 2.5 billion searches a day. The powerful functions of the company's service products are due to the fact that the high-level technical experts with great mathematical talent in the company's search quality control department regularly improve these search results according to customer problems. Experts know that the company has no competitors yet, but the company's products still display search results with URLs unrelated to the question or give no information. The result, they argue, means customers are less likely to click on ads on pop-up pages that made up the lion's share of the company's $22 billion in sales last year. Also, dissatisfied customers will try other search engines. Mistakes in search quality are more intolerable today than ever, as companies face increasing competition. According to market research firm Hitwise, Microsoft's search engine and new Bing's market share increased by 1.5% in August to 9.5%. Google's market share fell from 71.4% to 70.2% over the same period. In addition, Microsoft is waiting on the prospect of making Bing Yahoo's main search engine, with a combined 27% market share, giving Google its strongest competition for years to come. In addition, there are rising stars Twitter, Facebook and "knowledge engine ('knowledgeengine')" Wolfram Alpha. The latter can answer factual questions in a more organized, comprehensive manner. These services provide customers with linked content that is not yet available on Google Computer. Despite facing countless competitors over the years and being defeated one by one, in the longer term, Twitter, Facebook and other related service products will form a fundamental threat to Google, that is, a new Internet field beyond search services. center. Twitter, with 55 million monthly visitors, and Facebook, with 300 million, means a new class of people can not only read or watch material, but also communicate with each other, collaborate with colleagues, and get work done through online services World Wide Web. As the Web continues to evolve, there is no guarantee that search services will remain the centerpiece of the World Wide Web in the future. Not long ago, there were America Online (AOL) and Yahoo! But the two companies' businesses are quickly being replaced by businesses that improve reading and help guide people to find information more quickly. Twitter has become an important factor in getting people to focus on the World Wide Web. The New York Times recently said that 10% of the information traffic on the newspaper's website is sent by Twitter. Some market players have become acutely aware that Twitter and Facebook are rapidly rising in new ways that people can not only search, but find information, connect with friends, get referrals and advertise products they want to buy. Twitter's ability to raise a round of startup funding, which has so far been unprofitable, reflects some investors seeing its potential. Investors value Twitter at as much as $1 billion. Google should be well aware of the development of this nascent World Wide Web through its investment in video-sharing site YouTube, online applications, and even in operating systems. But Google has so far not been able to generate a higher proportion of sales from other businesses other than its search business, raising questions about how long it can maintain its important leadership in the Internet. In addition, Google's significant success and its current sheer size are the reasons for further development. The company was one of three U.S. antitrust investigations last year, and it faces the same fate in Italy. The Justice Department also recently warned that Google's conflicting settlements with authors and publishers must be changed to avoid violating antitrust laws. Even Google's own clients, advertisers, are eager to have alternative search engines to keep Google down. Industry insiders also said that people want to see a strong No. 2 search engine. Google is at a critical juncture in meeting the challenge, and it is tentatively transitioning to maturity. The company's second-quarter sales growth fell 3 percent from 31 percent a year earlier, prompting several rounds of small layoffs. Analysts see the impact of the broader economic environment as huge and expect a quick recovery in search ad growth as the recession stops. That's why Google's stock has more than tripled from its 52-week low in November to nearly $500 a share. However, some current and former Googlers believe that the company is too large, slow to respond to market changes, and less entrepreneurial appeal to early-joining employees. The company has seen high-impact departures in the past two years. But the people who leave the search business are a minority after all. Companies are still looking for talented engineers. In order to explore the mystery of the company's leading position in the industry, this magazine recently conducted an in-depth understanding of Google's highly confidential search quality business unit. Google's Search Quality business is made up of hundreds of engineers, mostly non-Americans. Some of them have been exploring search and information reading technologies for 20 years, long before the World Wide Web. For the first 11 years, the company has been rolling out amazing inventions since the original PageRank formula. The person in charge of the company's search evaluation and mobile search business said that the company has been full of numerous difficulties and challenges along the way, but many of them are interesting to explore. Google's latest launch shows that it is paying close attention to the competition in the industry with some feature services. One is called SearchOptions. It's a border on the left side of the page that allows searchers to narrow down their questions based on the suggested video, book, or time of day. Another feature is Google Squared. It organizes information thematically into a table, with hints such as descriptions, pictures, and more. If Google's corporate mission is to "organize the world's information efficiently and make it available globally," then the Search Quality business unit has a broader view of the future of the search business. The head of the department believes that the 20th century was about conquering nature, and the 21st century was about understanding people, not just from what they said they were looking for, but on the tiniest clues of their behavior to infer what they wanted what. He also believes that search is an important part of this work and leads it. Google's experimentation with the product has also shown impressive results. In addition to the company's reputation for mathematical processing and data-driven approaches, it relies heavily on a global network of human-rated ratings, or "raters." The company asked these part-time networkers to provide suggestions on what they felt needed to improve the search business and whether the search results would be more relevant. Google has such a strong search function not only because of its superior search technology, but also because of the most perfect way to match ads to search results. Spending on search advertising has risen sharply in recent years as advertisers seek to get more out of their spending. The jury is still out on how much Google's efforts to improve its search capabilities will affect lucrative ad revenue. However, some industry experts believe that Google can still overwhelm its rivals in this regard in the near future. (East Anhui)