Peng Jiuyang: Tottenham's fighting spirit is like a pink-collar Santander green-collar family (pictured) The so-called pink-collar refers to a part-time, non-business urban woman who relies on her beauty and body to survive. Usually their occupation, age and income are unclear; there are N versions of their nationality, background and story. The so-called green collar refers to those who dedicate most of their spare time to green planning and green travel. They love life, adhere to environmental protection, advocate nature, and pursue excitement and legend. Many years ago, a reporter asked me what plan I have for my whole life. Answer: At the age of 20, I moved from a collective dormitory into a rented two-bedroom and one-bedroom, and raised a strange British blue cat; at the age of 30, I bought a 60-square-meter house and entered a million-dollar apartment, with one or a few love foxes A man who bought a mansion with a garden and a swimming pool at the age of 40 and carried a purebred Chihuahua named little evil princess banana fish; at the age of 50, he owned a farm vegetable field, a garden and a few huskies; at the age of 60, he went to a seaside nursing home to wear Golden bikini and other old ladies share the men who have loved me and the men I have loved in my life... Always thinking about the color of my neckline? After many years, I gradually realized that I wrote stories about pink collars, yearning for a green collar life, Create a colorful spiritual world. Tottenham's fighting spirit is like a fan-collar who uses youth to build a kingdom of money. Ambitious pre-season and the most expensive in the summer transfer market. Their boss is willing to spend money, and the goal is to become the first team to break the monopoly of the four giants in the top four in the Premier League. It turned out to be the most disappointing team in the new season. It once ranked fifth for two consecutive seasons. Last season, it spent more than 50 million yuan. It was an explanation for winning a League Cup, but it only ranked 11th in the league. In the middle of the season, the frontcourt changed blood, sold Berbatov and Robbie Keane, and spent 70 million pounds to find a lot of famous young talents. As a result, after four rounds, the only one who did not win was them, so it is not surprising that they were at the bottom of the standings. Rival Wigan took a pragmatic route, and introduced tough guys with "steel bones". Hard work and good header are the characteristics. I think Tottenham will not rise up in money, but continue to fall in money, choose 3, 0. Santander's home stadium is called the "Sardine Man" stadium. Sardines are the green-collared family in the ocean. When they swim to a narrow area, they voluntarily form a neat line. The lower level is given to "guests". Santander used to feel like they were busy avoiding relegation every season, selling good players to make money, and having no ambitions. Last year, he was amazing. He even won the sixth place in La Liga with a "black fish" attitude. For the first time in the club's history, he was qualified to compete in the European arena. Valencia is the most troublesome guest here and always loses. Real Madrid was also "bored" here two years ago. A group of dwarfs led by former Real Madrid player "Tu Xingsun" Munitis were very powerful, and the defense could always block and intercept some incredible things. Real Madrid's offense has been good since the start of the season, but the defense is still a mess. They lost to their old foe Laco and were promoted by Numancia and scored 3 goals. It is estimated that it is not easy to win this time, so choose 1, 0. For the football lottery game quiz that ends this Saturday, my prediction results are: 3/0, 3, 3/0, 3/0, 0, 0, 3/1, 3, 3/0, 3/1, 1 , 3/1, 0, 1 The football lottery game quiz that ends this Sunday, my prediction results are; 1, 1, 1/0, 3, 3/1, 1/0, 3/0, 1, 3 , 3, 1/0, 1/0, 1/0, 1 (Peng Jiuyang)