Guan Xiaodao fire line solution: Milan and Real Madrid are both courageous 1, Inter VS Lecce Recommendation: 3 Since 2000, the two teams have faced each other 10 times, Inter Milan has 7 wins, 1 draw and 2 losses, and the last three consecutive victories. The strength comparison of the two teams is naturally nothing to say, but this weekend, Mourinho will usher in his first Milan derby with the award. Gazzetta dello Sport believes that Inter Milan will have a large number of main players in this game. Among the most promising striker combinations now, two or three of Ibrahimovic-Ade-Mancini will not be the main force in this game, and Quaresma, Balotelli and Cruz will get the starting chance; The configuration of the midfield and backcourt will remain basically unchanged. The performance of newly-promoted Lecce was not outstanding. The last time they beat Inter Milan on the road was in 2000. They have just returned to Serie A and they obviously do not have the ability to compete with Inter Milan. The average odds are 1.18 5.77 12.64 to support Inter Milan's half-ball/two-goal in the water, and Inter Milan's winning is not a big problem. 2. Siena VS Sampdoria recommendation: 10 Since 2003, the two teams have played against each other 10 times in Serie A. Siena has 2 wins, 4 draws and 4 losses. They have all lost in the last 3 encounters, especially in 2007. In the 4th round, Siena forced the hemisphere at home to still give Samp 0 to 2. Thanks to the two consecutive home wins in Empoli and Lazio, they managed to get 40 points. Compared with the other four teams, the game relationship and the difference The ball, the final relegation success. Siena has performed normally this season and is currently ranked in the middle, while Samp has yet to win. The average odds 2.57 3.01 2.63 that Samp strength is dominant, but Siena home can not be underestimated. BET365 even offered a weird odds like 2.75 2.90 2.80, the three payouts are almost equal, which shows that the bookmaker has no clear judgment on this game. However, from the point of view of the odds system, the main win of BET365 is a bit high, and Samp is optimistic about undefeated in this game. 3. Genoa VS Roma Recommendation: 30 Mex and Perrotta are expected to start after recovering from injury, but Roma’s injuries are still serious: Totti, who was on the bench in the last round, did not go to Genoa with the team, Baptista and Pizarro is also resting due to injury, and central defender Juan continues to be absent. Loria, who played for Juan in the last round, may also be tired due to injury. The central back combination will be played by Mex and Panucci. This is the first time for Rome this season. For the four central defender partner schemes, although the players are all very capable, there are hidden dangers in the tacit understanding between them. Genoa beat AC Milan in the first home game of the season. The three strikers Milito, Scuri and Palatino all performed well, which also made the coach Gaspirini more convinced of his 343 formation. as. Just after returning to Serie A last season, Genoa was shot twice by Roma. From the perspective of the team's overall strength and state, it is naturally the advantage of Spalletti's team. The average odds are 3.49 3.09 2.04 compared with the average odds of 3.96 3.05 1.94 last season. After all, Genoa has added a year of Serie A tempering, and injuries, and Roma's first away defeat to Palermo this season are also The main reason. At present, the average odds support the low price of the Roman Pingban or the high water of the Hemisphere. The Asian companies in the initial trading basically open with the Pingban. If the water level remains below the Pingban 85, Rome has a strong chance of winning; if the hemisphere is mentioned on the spot Or if the plate changes frequently, Rome needs to be cold-proof. 4. Reggina VS AC Milan recommendation: 0 Since Reggina returned to Serie A in 2001, he has played 14 games with AC Milan, with 3 wins, 1 draw and 10 losses. After a careful study, it is not difficult to find that these 3 victories were actually obtained after May, the most critical stage of relegation, and the human relationship agreement ball is very suspicious. Another piece of information in this game is also worth noting. AC Milan's owner Berlusconi has tightened his purse and opened his mouth in the team in recent years. In a recent interview, he continued to provoke Inter Milan, claiming that European honor is the only thing The truly important ones are the Nerazzurri, who are uninitiated in foreign warfare, and Mourinho, who led Chelsea to do nothing in the Champions League, and hope to get two victories as birthday gifts (Milan Derby on the 28th and Berlusco on the 29th). Niki’s 72nd birthday; of course, it’s also Shevchenko’s birthday). AC Milan's current strength will be very difficult to deal with Inter Milan, but it is more than enough to fight Regina after the state recovers. It is more likely that Milan will send a double striker in this field. Sheva or Borriello will start at the same time as Pato. The average odds are 6.18 3.47 1.56 to support AC Milan. The odds of winning the game have been stable between 1.50-1.66 for several seasons. The bookmakers are very confident in AC Milan. go the same way.