Xie Jin's Farewell Ceremony Held in Shanghai with Thousands of Stars Gathered (Photo) On the afternoon of the 26th, the farewell ceremony for the body of Xie Jin, a famous Chinese film artist, was held at Shanghai Long (Tingge) Hua Funeral Home. Longhua Funeral Home is solemn and solemn. The crimson film curtain adorns Xie Jin's mourning hall, symbolizing his never-ending film career. Above the hall, a banner with black characters on a white background hangs "Sorrowfully mourn Comrade Xie Jin". Below the banner, yellow roses surround the portrait of Xie Jin. Xie Jin's body lay in the flowers. From 2:30 p.m., tens of thousands of people came spontaneously from all over the country, reluctant to part, to bid farewell to the film master. Xie Jin died of illness in his hometown of Shangyu, Zhejiang in the early morning of October 18, 2008, at the age of 85. After the death of Xie Jin, Hu Jintao, Jiang Zemin, Wen Jiabao, Li Changchun, Xi Jinping, Li Keqiang, He Guoqiang, Zhou Yongkang, Wang Gang (blog), Wang Zhaoguo, Wang Qishan, Liu Yunshan, Liu Yandong, Li Yuanchao, Yu Zhengsheng, Li Peng (blog), Zhu Ji, Li Ruihuan, Wei Comrades such as Jian Xing, Li Lanqing, Zeng Qinghong, Chen Zhili, Meng Jianzhu, Sun Jiazheng, Deng Pufang and others expressed their deep condolences and deep condolences to their families in various ways. Xie Jin has won the 1st Popular Film Hundred Flowers Award and the 1st China Film Golden Rooster Award for Best Director. He has won the "Hundred Flowers" 5 times in his life and the "Golden Rooster" 3 times. He is a film artist with outstanding contributions to the country. In 1983, 1985 and 1992, France, the United States and India held "Xie Jin Film Retrospectives" for him respectively. Xie Jin dedicated his life's love and enthusiasm to movies, and he made an indelible contribution to the creation and development of Chinese movies. The memorial service where 500 students collectively sent their teacher Xie Jin was very grand. In the small square at the entrance, the large screen wall plays the film clips directed by Xie Jin in a loop. The work photos of Xie Jin's plays are placed on both sides of the gate. Above the main gate is written "Director Xie, we will miss you forever". In the farewell hall, Xie Jin lay peacefully on the rose-piled flowerbed, in a dark suit and red striped tie. The brown flannel hat he often wears is on the side, and he is still ready to go to work at any time. The elegiac couplet reads, "Legend of the film industry, the seniors' style, character, art and morality, and the coexistence of heaven and earth. The screen engraves the master's monumental masterpiece and the sun and the moon shine together." The two sides were filled with flower baskets. On both sides of the road leading to the farewell hall, students from the Xie Jin School of Film and Television Arts of Shanghai Normal University pulled up banners of mourning. Zhao Bingxiang, the executive dean of the academy, said that more than 500 students from the school had chartered cars spontaneously, and came to express condolences to the teacher and send the old man his last journey. In addition to the students in Shanghai, many students who had graduated long ago also came spontaneously from the south of the Great River (Dingge) North when they heard the news of Director Xie's death. Many people flew to Shanghai yesterday morning from Sichuan, Guizhou, Hubei and other places. Xie Jin's wife Xu Dawen and son Ah Si arrived at the scene at 1:30 in the afternoon, and they were escorted into the mourning hall. Xu Dawen's face was full of tears. Some people knelt in front of Xu Dawen and thanked Jin for giving them so many good movies. Xu Dawen faced them firmly, "With you, Xie Jin's achievements." Farewell ceremony around 5 pm Finally, a black Lincoln hearse took away the respected Xie Dao and went into the distance. People from the entertainment industry who benefited from Director Xie came to see Xie Jin on the last trip. The farewell ceremony for Xie Jin's body became a major event in Shanghai yesterday. China Film Association (blog) Chairman Wu Yigong, Executive Vice Chairman Kang Jianmin, directors Li Xing, Wu Siyuan, Xu Anhua, Jia Zhangke, actors Qin Yi, Niu?, Zhong Xinghuo, Xi Meijuan, Liu Xiaoqing (blog), Wang Fuli, Pan Hong, Pu Cunxin, Zhang Yu , Zhu Shimao, Zhao Wei (Ting Ge), Fan Bingbing (Ting Ge blog) and others attended the scene to mourn. Qin Yi in "Women's Basketball No. 5", Pu Cunxin in "The Bells of Qingliang Temple", Xu Songzi and Liu Xiaoqing in "Furong Town"... A person in the entertainment industry who has worked with Director Xie and benefited from Director Xie Came from all directions to see Xie Jin on his last journey. Most of them were reluctant to be interviewed by reporters. When Zhang Yu and Xi Meijuan left, their faces were haggard, their heads were lowered, and they only rushed forward. Liu Xiaoqing's face was dark blue, Zhao Wei's eyes were swollen, and it was obvious that she had just cried. When Zhu Shimao was leaving, he was stopped by reporters. He expressed his feelings for Xie Jin in a low and hoarse voice, "When the body said goodbye, I felt very sad to see Ah Si. He was like my father, when filming "Wrangler" I’ve been with him for a year, and now it’s gone. The old man should see him more when he’s alive, and now I just hope he can go well.” Wu Siyuan said that Director Xie Jin is a friend of all Hong Kong colleagues and the object of their admiration. Saying goodbye to him is especially meaningful. Niu? was too sad to respond to the questions from many reporters. He replied: "Don't ask me how I feel, I really don't want to repeat the sad memories." The old actor Zhong Xinghuo hopes that Xie Jin's realist film spirit can be passed on. However, the arrival of some popular movie stars also caused a commotion on the scene, especially when Zhao Wei and Fan Bingbing arrived, the crowd and the media ran around the car, and the scene was very chaotic. Fan Bingbing's driver even had a physical confrontation with reporters at the scene to stop the media from filming.