Huatai Design's 12th Forum Japanese Modern and Contemporary Architecture Lectures On August 13, the "Japanese Modern and Contemporary Architecture Lectures and Seminars" jointly sponsored by Beijing Survey Association and Beijing Private Working Committee and undertaken by Huatai Design were held in Huatai Design Workshop hold. More than 100 guests from architectural design and architecture circles participated in the forum and had lively discussions. Mr. Huang Yun?, a professor in the Department of Architecture at the University of Virginia, discussed the differences between Chinese and Japanese architecture from the perspective of Chinese and Japanese architectural history, and encouraged Chinese architects to seize the Chinese construction wave from a professional perspective, so as to truly create a unique combination of history and architecture. The modern architectural design industry contributes to building blocks. Moderator: Zhang Liming, Design Director of Beijing Orient Huatai Architectural Design Engineering Co., Ltd. Panelists: Huang Yun, Professor of the Department of Architecture at the University of Virginia, and expert in the history of Japanese architecture Wang Jihua, Chief Representative of IAO Zhutian Design Beijing Office Yang Manghua, Design Director of Oriental Huatai Architectural Design Engineering Co., Ltd. The following is the essence of this forum, hoping to share with more people. Zhou Yinru, Vice President and Secretary General of Beijing Survey and Design Association: Today is the first anniversary of our Private Work Enterprise Committee, and we have the opportunity to discuss the topic of Japanese modern and contemporary architecture. Today's gathering is fortunate to be with Professor Huang, as well as representatives of Japan, who will be giving interviews. Zhou Yinru, Vice President and Secretary General of Beijing Survey and Design Association, today's activities can be more vivid and closer to reality. I believe that our activities will allow us young architects to broaden their horizons, improve the level of creativity in Beijing, and deepen the understanding and friendship of our peers. We also believe that this event will help us in the Beijing area, and the architecture of the Beijing area should say that Beijing proposes to build a world city. Currently, Tokyo is one, London is one, and New York is one. Today, we are studying Japanese architecture, and I think it will greatly promote the construction of Beijing as a world city of urban design. I hope to get more suggestions, suggestions and suggestions today, and make good suggestions for the development of Beijing and the industry. We also listened carefully and humbly to the suggestions of teachers and colleagues. Here, we once again thank Huatai Design. I wish the Private Work Committee today's activities a complete success, and I wish Professor Huang and his Japanese colleagues a happy life in Beijing. Today's lectures can be fruitful. Moderator: Zhang Liming, Design Director of Beijing Huatai Design Engineering Co., Ltd. Zhang Liming, Design Director of Beijing Oriental Huatai Architectural Design Engineering Co., Ltd., is very pleased to welcome all leaders to the Huatai Design Lecture Hall. Let's listen to Professor Huang's lecture on Japanese modern and contemporary architecture. Our country is in the process of rapid economic development, and the architectural design market is the largest market in the world. Whether it is the process of economic development or the development process of the construction industry, we have many similarities with the development process of Japan in the 1960s and 1970s. Today's architecture in Japan has gone through a process from naive to mature, and it already has an important position in the world. It has an important influence on contemporary Asian architecture and world architecture. Today, we invite Professor Huang to systematically introduce the development process of modern and contemporary architecture in Japan. For us, especially the current construction industry is in the process of development, we can enhance our understanding of today's world architectural culture, objectively understand and see the trend of Western modern architecture, and combine our existing culture and locality to create a better I think it will have a positive application to our design and architecture circles. We absorb advanced Japanese knowledge as some references in our development process. Next, we will invite Professor Huang to give us a lecture on Japanese modern and contemporary architecture. welcome! Huang Yun, professor of the Department of Architecture at the University of Virginia, and an expert on the history of Japanese architecture, today I will talk about the topic "China and Japan: A Comparison of the Start of Architectural Modernization". It should be noted that the angle I am talking about may be somewhat different from what you are usually familiar with. Because I personally worked in Beijing and went to school in Beijing, but I spent most of my time in the United States for 30 years. Japan's development has made remarkable achievements so far. China has made rapid progress since the reform and opening up, and there are also some problems with such a large amount of construction and such a large amount of design. Why does it form such a state, so let me talk about it. The architectural exchanges between China and Japan should be increased. Before the Meiji Restoration, Japanese architecture influenced by China was the mainstream. We have an old-timer Mr. Luo who is a cultural relic. When it comes to the exchange between China and Japan in the history of architecture, Japanese experts said that Japanese architecture has benefited from Chinese architecture and learned a lot of Chinese architecture. Of course, it is recognized by the world. Mr. Luo is welcome, learning and communication are always mutual. Therefore, in historical architecture, Japan has learned from China, and China has learned from Japan. After Mr. Luo said this, it caused a lot of repercussions, and the Chinese said it was wrong. Historically, traditional buildings have been largely one-way. During the development of Chinese architecture, from the neighboring East Asian countries South Korea and Japan, basically Chinese architecture radiated outwards. For example, in Japan and South Korea, in terms of back absorption, if there is, it is very secondary. Therefore, there was such a view in the architectural field back then, and it also showed that the historical and traditional buildings were influenced by China in Japan. I agree with the views of most experts. Conversely, in modern times, this kind of communication and learning should be reversed. In modern and modern architecture, China has learned a lot from Japan. On the contrary, it is very secondary that Japan absorbs things from China. As the name of modern architecture, it also benefits from the Japanese translation of the word. For example, the terms of architecture combined with chemistry and philosophy were fixed by the Japanese first. Japanese architecture is pronounced "pen qu", and Chinese people use this word to have such a discipline name, and as the professional name of the discipline industry "architect", all of these reflect Japan's influence on China. Huang Yun, a professor of architecture at the University of Virginia in the United States and an expert on the history of Japanese architecture, there is no doubt that Japan is definitely ahead in the development of modern architecture. There is another manifestation. There are three famous architects in the picture, Kenzo Tange, Fumhiko Zhen, and Tadao Ando. These three started from the 20th century in 1987. Kenzo Tange won the award for the first time, and Fumiyan Zhen won the award for the second time. Teng Zhongxiong won the award for the third time. The phenomenon of winning the award shows that Japanese architecture has been recognized internationally. The phenomenon of design and the achievements of architects are fully affirmed. In the 20th century, three Japanese architects have received such high honors. As a result, in April this year, the award was awarded to two Japanese architects, one of whom is a female architect. The further back, the scope of work of young architects is more international, not only in Japan, but also in Europe and the United States, and the works of these two architects have been highly praised in the American architectural circle. Moreover, these two have been invited by many universities to give lectures or to guide the work of the design studio. So there are already five Japanese architects who have won such a high honor. This shows that it is an achievement of modern Japanese architecture. The topic I want to talk about today is the architectural differences between China and Japan taking the modern and contemporary roads. I just said that the study of architecture between China and Japan is mutual. Of course, experts have different views, because in the traditional period, Japan introduced and imported a large number of Chinese culture, laws and regulations, including art, calligraphy, clothing, etc., especially in the history of the Holy Spirit The period of the prince, from the sixth century AD to the seventh century AD was the most active period. From the introduction of mainland culture and the dispatch of overseas students, we all know that this period was very active. But for such a long period of time, Japan has a strong cultural admiration for mainland culture. This continental culture is not only the culture of the Central Plains, but has even gained a lot from the Korean Peninsula. This situation has changed a lot in the 19th century. This change was the same as China at that time. China was under political and military pressure from the West. In the middle of the 19th century, China suffered from the opium wars and suffered a lot of humiliation. Japan was also under pressure at the time. For example, Perry of the U.S. Navy, during his trip to China, stopped in Japan and the door was not open to the outside world. 1853 became a turning point for Japan, when Japan was still in the shogunate period, and under such great military pressure during the shogunate period, it constituted a turning point in Japanese politics. I feel that the Western powers are economically developed. Therefore, under the influence of gunboats, the political situation in Japan changed, and the government returned to the emperor from the shogunate era. That is to know the era of the emperor, change the direction, and truly open to the outside world. And there were many thinkers, such as Yukichi Fukuzawa, who wrote books and gave speeches. Since then, Japan has entered an era when Japan wants to break away from Asia and want the West to fully accept Western culture. Japan and China misuse Western intellectuals, including engineers, scientists, and a considerable number of experts in the construction industry. The most famous for the education of architecture, but also for the practice of the British. The Englishman's name is Conder, he took a boat from London to Japan, settled down in Japan and married a Japanese. The whole body and mind are devoted to the construction business in Japan. What I want to talk about today is that China still lacks such examples. Japan has had such a period in its history that its doors were open to foreign professionals. Conder lived until the end and died in Japan. He only returned to England once in the middle and designed many works. This has played a leading role in modern Japanese architecture. Therefore, the Department of Architecture at the University of Tokyo is now the first architecture department in Japan, and even the most important architecture department. Next to the Architecture Department, there is a statue of Conder, who lived until 1920. At the time of his death, the Japanese government or Japanese media praised the Englishman as "the father of Japanese modern architecture". He played a particularly important role in the modernization of Japanese architecture. Conder became the first father of modern Japanese architecture. i want to comment