Mecoxlane digs the corner of Smith Barney to build a fast channel: sales will reach 10 billion yuan This is confirmed by the pictures of the four floors trotting through the four floors, the rapid expansion of the company's scale makes the office floor seem to be insufficient. "Come on, when the company reaches a scale of 10 billion, it will be able to build a building by itself." In the elevator, a project manager of the Mecoxlane store business did not mind the temporary inconvenience. This coincides with the outlook of Shen Nanpeng, chairman of Mecoxlane: "Mecoxlane can completely become a leading company in the fashion retail market, with sales revenue reaching 10 billion yuan." After U.S. dollar held Mecoxlane, which made its largest single investment in China and its first shareholding acquisition project, the multi-channel retailer Mecoxlane has become more active in its various channels recently, and it has the potential to accelerate its progress at full speed. Three months ago, Mai.com, a B2C website owned by Mecoxlane, announced a high-profile investment of 100 million yuan for Internet advertising after just completing a new revision. In terms of retail stores, with CEO Gu Beichun's rhetoric of sprinting to 2,000 stores within three years, Zhou Chengjian's former capable man, Wang Hongzheng, who had operated more than 2,700 stores under Metersbonwe, led his team to "transfer" Mecoxlane. Zhang Bang, the former vice president and CFO of McDonald's China, also passed the file during the same period. At the same time, Mecoxlane plans to go public on Nasdaq in the fourth quarter of next year has also been confirmed by the company. "This is a very distorted industry. I advise all women, when there is no 50% discount in the department store, don't buy it. The price is 7 to 8 times the cost, and if you get a 50% discount, it is almost as expensive as the equivalent product abroad. "For Mecoxlane, who focuses on women's clothing, multi-channel retailing can capture women with different lifestyles and form a strong complement. White-collar workers who like to surf the Internet can browse products through Mai.com, while girls who like to go shopping can find retail stores of its brands Euromoda and Rampage. When they get to the office, they can circulate the latest mail-order catalogues with their colleagues. The multi-channel retail model is considered to be the future development trend of the retail industry. Gu Beichun was reluctant to disclose the specific gross profit margin of Mecoxlane clothing, but said it would be lower than its foreign counterparts. According to reports, Mecoxlane's 2008 catalog mail-order sales accounted for 47% of total sales, e-commerce accounted for 25%, and physical stores accounted for 23%. The company's scale is growing at a rate of 50%-60%, and sales are expected to exceed 1 billion this year. Its catalog mail order is the starting channel, and its scale and strength are the largest in China. Its main focus is on the expansion of two later channels, e-commerce and stores. CEO Gu Beichun said that multi-channel retailing is a very mature business model abroad, but in China, apart from Mecoxlane, there has been no success yet. Although there are many companies that clone this model, there are only a handful of them that can survive, and it is not easy to surpass Mecoxlane in a short period of time. "The reasons for this are: first, the market must be grasped, and second, economies of scale must be achieved in order to provide customers with value-for-money enjoyment." Gu Beichun said: "Our target customers are completely different from Metersbonwe. They mainly target large Middle school students, we mainly deal with white-collar women between 22 and 40 years old. Compared with foreign fast fashion brands, we have an advantage in price." Gu Beichun was reluctant to disclose the specific gross profit margin of Mecoxlane clothing, but said that the ratio would be higher than that of foreign fast fashion brands. peers are even lower. According to reports, the clothing sold by Mecoxlane is mainly designed by its own design team, and then handed over to the factory for production, including replenishment, quality inspection documents, etc. are more direct. In the self-owned brand business, in addition to production outsourcing, Mecoxlane undertakes the full-line business of commodity research and development, sales and after-sales service, occupying almost all links in the commodity circulation chain, and the price advantage is relatively obvious, realizing the maximum concentration of its own profits. After Mecoxlane opened its first EUROMODA store in Shanghai Xinmei Plaza in June 2006, it now has 260 stores nationwide, and announced that it will expand to 2,000 stores in the next three years. Mecoxlane's retail store strategy is to first establish image stores in first-tier cities to attract franchisees to join, and then slowly expand to second- and third-tier cities. Compared with 3C products, the clothing industry has a higher gross profit and is not easy to be damaged during transportation. Coupled with the large shipment volume, Mecoxlane can get a good negotiated price with logistics companies, and there is no need to build its own logistics. "In the past few years, although the annual compound growth rate of catalog sales has exceeded 50%, the development of online sales has grown at a rate of 100% every year. At present, Maiwang has become the third largest B2C website in China after Dangdang and Zhuoyue." Gu Beichun said. Pu Sijie, general manager of Mecoxlane's e-commerce department, introduced that the main purpose of the latest revision of Mai.com is to improve user experience and make it easier for users to obtain a clear and intuitive experience. improve. Because the online shopping crowd is younger and more fashionable than the catalog mail order, Maiwang is not satisfied with the photos of the mixed-race models shared with the catalog mail order, but will also look for models with typical oriental body and temperament to take life photos, street photos, etc., in order to enhance the affinity . At present, Pu Sijie is focusing on the construction of Maiwang member community. He hopes to start from the product comment function, and finally enable female users to find shopping friends with similar tastes, and make Maiwang community a female member in the wear A social communication platform for clothing, home life, etc., to enhance customer stickiness. At present, "Maiwang" has more than 1.8 million registered members, 600,000 active members, more than 2 million daily page views, and daily turnover of more than 1 million yuan. "Growing 50%-60% every year is not the same concept as growing 10%-20%. It is necessary to grow at a high speed and maintain profitability. This is the trouble of the company's growth." Gu Beichun said frankly. In addition to facing international brands such as H&M, C&A, Zara, etc., Mecoxlane is also trying to squeeze Mecoxlane's market share. Metersbonwe, which has store advantages, invested heavily to build the Me&City brand and embarked on the road of "fast fashion", and the rising star Qianxun.com also attracted Mecoxun's attention in a short period of time. Since its launch in April this year, the daily transaction volume of Qianxun.com, which also faces the urban white-collar market, has rapidly climbed from 100,000 yuan to 400,000 yuan, repeatedly setting new records for the single-day sales of domestic fashion shopping B2C websites, and the current monthly sales are growing at 100%.