China E-Sports Center will hold "World of Warcraft" event Preface: With the approval of the National Service Warcraft TBC, NetEase has also included WLK on the review schedule. WOW seems to be about to usher in spring in the mainland, and even the China E-Sports Center is preparing Include WOW as an e-sports event to hold the competition. If it can be held, we can proudly say to foreigners: We don’t have to watch you participate in the Blizzard Global Competition, although Blizzard has forgotten us, we can participate in our own competition~ According to China E-Sports Development Center revealed internally that the Organizing Committee of Jingyou ECL E-Sports Champions League is drafting several online games with fair competition and confrontation as official online e-sports projects. At present, the popular online games "Dungeon and Warriors", "Cross Fire", "World of Warcraft" and "Audience" are all among the first batch of online e-sports games. Among them, "Dungeon and Warrior" and "Cross Fire" appeared in WCG as an exhibition game as early as 2009. "World of Warcraft" has always had a huge influence in the world, and its arena project has the attributes of electronic sports, and has teamwork and confrontation. Therefore, the "World of Warcraft" Arena will be a popular qualifier for the official e-sports event. The three games "Dynasty Warriors", "DOTA" and "Three Kingdoms Hegemony" are similar. "DOTA" has many competitions, "Dynasty Warriors" and "Three Kingdoms Hegemony" are based on the Chinese classic Three Kingdoms culture. All three games are likely to become official projects. "Audience Troupe" entered the selection project as a music competitive game. The addition of the music competitive game will be a huge innovation in e-sports competitions. In the past, national-level competitions were dominated by local area network battle games such as "Warcraft" and "Interstellar". Although these online games have some slightly larger-scale competitions, they lack an authoritative competition to support them. Therefore, they There needs to be a national-level competition to support, so as to guide the development of online games in a positive and healthy direction. According to internal sources, the center is expected to announce the list of the first batch of online e-sports projects in the near future, and the selected projects will become the official competition projects of "Competition ECL". It is believed that the selection of the first batch of online e-sports projects of "Jingyou ECL" under the China E-sports Center will cause a storm in the online game industry.