Lundberg: Difficult credit rating environment for oil and gas companies Standard & Poor's has taken some negative rating moves, a trend that is expected to continue, with a difficult credit rating environment for companies in the U.S. oil and gas sector. The following is a summary of the article: The overall credit quality of the US oil and gas sector continues to decline. Companies in sub-sectors such as oil and gas exploration and production, refining, and oilfield services are all facing negative ratings trends due to the sharp decline in hydrocarbon prices and a weak economic environment. Standard & Poor's has taken some negative rating moves recently, especially for companies that are "speculative-grade," rated BB+ or below. We expect this trend to continue. Companies with greater exposure to U.S. natural gas prices face the highest downgrade risk. The key question is when will the oil and gas industry bottom out and start to recover. We are most optimistic about the outlook for crude oil, given that oil prices have recovered from their lows earlier this year. On the other hand, we expect natural gas prices to remain low in the short term due to declining industry demand and ample supply. Finally, assuming economic growth remains weak, the refining sector will be in the worst shape, potentially facing a multi-year downturn. Oil and gas exploration and production companies: difficult process Although some US-based oil and gas exploration and production companies have delayed the impact of the hydrocarbon price decline through hedging projects, most of these companies will experience a significant reduction in operating cash flow in 2009, especially natural gas Mining and production enterprises. In addition to low natural gas prices, geographic price differences between the western and central U.S. remain substantial. As a result, we do not expect most U.S. natural gas exploration and production companies to achieve adequate profitability in the current environment. Many companies will achieve positive EBITDA (earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization), but EBIT (earnings before interest, taxes, and taxes) will be negative. We continue to closely monitor the liquidity of businesses in this sector. While "investment-grade" companies will have strong cash and revolving credit facilities, speculative-grade companies may face the risk of a lower borrowing base. We expect natural gas extraction and production companies to continue to deliver strong cash flow as crude oil prices are currently trading at $60 to $70 per barrel. We also expect the cost structure of oil and gas exploration and production companies to improve significantly. If natural gas prices don't rebound, these companies can at least cut some operating costs. Oil and Gas Refiners: Weak Fundamentals Refiners will continue to underperform in 2009 due to weak demand for refined products and increased global refining capacity. We do not expect refiner margins to recover this year, given the current recession-induced decline in gasoline and diesel demand and increased refining capacity. While not all refiners will suffer the same pain, the strongest performers must also work very hard to maintain acceptable profit margins. The only potential bright spot for the refining sector is bitumen production. Refiners will eventually rebalance supply and demand, prompting a recovery in profit margins. However, we do not expect this to happen until the global economy recovers enough to absorb excess capacity. We expect refinery margins to remain weak in 2009-2010. Oilfield Services Companies: Weak Outlook We believe the outlook for the oilfield services and contract mining sectors has deteriorated given the further decline in market conditions in the second quarter. Oil and gas exploration and production companies will continue to revise their budgets as low oil and gas prices limit their ability or willingness to repeat investments. Our recent downgrades of some speculative-grade companies in the oilfield services sector reflect that these companies have been hit the hardest by the current recession. (Mingxia)