The poster of "Red Cliff" was unveiled. John Woo became an honorary citizen of Chibi (picture) Click to view the official poster of the mainland version of "Red Cliff". Together with the ten leading guests present, the sails were slowly pulled up, and the true face of Lushan Mountain in the lower poster exhibition of "Red Cliff" was finally revealed to the audience: the entire poster and the main background board of the event were combined into one, more than 20 meters long, ten meters long. The multi-meter-high giant poster can be called "the first poster of Chinese movies". The poster is set against the background of the flames of Zhang Tian, who is burning Chibi. The people are brighter and brighter under the light of the fire. The poster characters are divided into two groups, left and right. Zhao Yun is holding a sharp sword in front of him, and he is heroic. Zhao Yun is the most respected hero in the Three Kingdoms directed by John Woo. Correspondingly, Zhuge Kongming occupies the main position at the bottom right of the poster, and it is reported that this poster intends to highlight the position of Xiao Qiao played by Lin Zhiling (blog). In the lower part, Xiao Qiao has more scenes, including and Cao Caozhi. The entanglement between them and the emotional drama with Zhou Yu. On January 8th, the war will be rekindled and the plot will be even more exciting. "Chibi" is currently the largest domestic investment, the most luxurious cast, and the cooperation between the top directors and producers. The first month of its release, the box office reached 3.2%. 100 million, creating a new chapter in Chinese cinema. It has also successfully achieved the goal of "Red Cliff", which is said by the chairman of China Film Group, Han Sanping, to set a number of new records for Chinese films, including breaking all box office records. With the success of "Chibi (Part 1)" at the global box office, "Red Cliff (Part 2)" will also reignite the war on January 8. As the first Chinese New Year movie in 2009, "Red Cliff (Part 2)" will be released in Chinese in 2009. Leading the movie, this epic masterpiece jointly presented by many big names such as Tony Leung (Ting Ge), Jin Chengwu (Ting Song), Zhang Zhen, Lin Zhiling, Zhao Wei (Ting Ge), Hu Jun, Zhang Fengyi, etc. will also be shown in the lower part. The Three Kingdoms Scroll. Jiang Defu, general manager of China Film Group's marketing planning company, said that the lower part of "Chibi" focuses on "borrowing arrows on a straw boat" and "burning a series of fires", which is the most grand scene in the entire "Chibi", and John Woo also revealed when the upper part was released: The content of the episode will be more exciting, and it also revealed that the suspense that will be revealed in the next episode is: Are Zhou Yu and Zhuge Liang enemies or friends? What does "Peace" written by Xiao Qiao mean? Does Cao Cao fight for women, what is his next conspiracy, etc. John Woo was awarded the "Chibi Sword" and became an honorary citizen of Chibi City. At the unveiling ceremony, the Chibi City Government awarded Director John Woo and his wife Niu Chunlong (blog) as "Honorary Citizens of Chibi City" in order to thank Director John Woo for his contribution to the development of Chibi City. At the same time, Wu Yusen also received the golden key symbolizing Chibi City - "Chibi Sword". In order to thank him for his kindness, director John Woo gave back to Chibi City a poster oil painting of "Chibi" that he had collected. In 208 AD, Zhou Yu's swordsmanship hit the cliff "Chibi", and in 2008 Wu Dao received the sword Chibi. The coincidence of history gave the world a surprise after 1800. ZY/Text