Sina Sports News San Antonio local time Saturday night, after 48 minutes and an overtime battle, the Rockets finally lost 121-124 by three points on Spurs. In the game, the Rockets had a chance to end the opponent during the regular season. However, losing the game in this way, although I had to accept the start of a 5-game losing streak, also gave the fans hope. It's just that Xiao Bu and Martin slapped their feet at the same time in this battle, casting a shadow over tomorrow's game with the Timberwolves. Brooks tried a super long shot before halftime, but when he landed, he stepped on Ginobili's feet and was taken to the locker room by Jeffries. Martin also sprained his ankle after colliding with the Spurs in the third quarter. Seeing him still limping at the end of the game, after taking a shower early, Martin followed the team doctor Jones to the physiotherapy room for more examinations. From an action point of view, it should be the same as Brooks' left foot injury. When reporters asked about Martin's injury, he was obviously reluctant to say more, but said whether he could play tomorrow is still undecided. However, judging from the fact that he walked into the physiotherapy room, the injury was relatively serious, and it was estimated that he would not be able to play back to back after 24 hours. The absence of both puddings casts a shadow over tomorrow's game against the Timberwolves. Shane soaked his feet in the ice bucket, and while looking at the statistics table, he communicated with Budinger next to him from time to time. The team almost played against the Spurs today, and of course, the score was 120 again. When talking about the team's defense, Battier said: "The opponent's offensive rebounds caused us a big problem. We had a good rebound today." He looked down at the statistics table. Continued: "They scored 17 points on the second offense and 27 on the fast break, and we should improve on those two." Regarding the result of the game and the 0-5 start, Battier said "We can only live with this result. It feels like the first time we really focused all our energy on the game. In the away game we need to compete as hard as we did today. The result of the game was brutal, But we have tried our best. We don't look at the statistics too much, but the team's game is getting better and better, and the victory should come soon." (Houston China Times Volcano Bird)