Overseas experience: Peking University female graduate student is lonely in Vancouver In Vancouver's "MALL", Yan is the most abject young woman I have ever seen. That day she was pushing the stroller, she went out of the mall and I entered the mall. The stroller was surrounded by all kinds of daily necessities packed in plastic bags. When I saw a bald-headed doll exposed in the pile of goods like a hill, my heart came to my throat: "Oh my God, there is such a thing. Sloppy mother? These things will bury him!" She was slovenly, maybe the baby was breastfeeding, and the milk stains were printed on the placket of the oversized pullover, which was a men's--she was careless. The treated hair was too dry, and her face was as dull as her hair. When I came out of the mall, I accidentally bumped into her, who was sitting outside the mall resting. Our eyes met, and we exchanged smiles. I like children by nature, so I play with them. The little bald head named "David" is full of life, a stark contrast to her mother's burnout. I vaguely know about her sporadic information: her husband is still in the country because of some obstacles in the immigration. Yan is a graduate student at Peking University, and because the child is too young, she cannot go out to work. "The original plan was to have a baby after my husband came over, because it was not long after we got married and the financial accumulation was not sufficient. The first thing that came to mind when we came and went was the airfare. He hadn't seen the baby for several months," Yan said, but her eyes were clear. Jump over baby looking into the distance. Our conversation came to an abrupt end because the child was pooping in the car. "We'll see you online if we have something to do. I don't usually use my cell phone if it has radiation," she said. Yan Yiyi took away the groceries, and then cleaned up the stool. The crying of the child made her hands and feet in a hurry. I hoped to help her, but she was decisively blocked back by her drawn hand. "Come on." Her self-esteem returned to her face. She rummaged through her bag for a long time to find the paper and pen. I smelled the stench and looked at her embarrassment. I wanted to say no, but I felt embarrassed. She wrote me her e-mail succinctly, and that ability finally matched her identity as the vice president of a company in Shanghai. She said that she lived in low-rent housing provided by the Canadian government, she said that she was embarrassed to associate with more people, she said that she wanted Beijing very much, but she had to live for three years before she could visit relatives, she said that her husband during this period will come to see the baby. When Yan rearranged the baby and her belongings, and seeing that I hadn't gone far, she asked me to help her look after the baby. It turned out that she had to find a trash can for the garbage under her feet, which showed me the cultivation of a high-level intellectual. After we said goodbye, the voice of her talking to the baby came from behind me from time to time. "Baby misses his dad too, right?! Baby's dad misses him too!" The baby was speechless, and the sound of nature couldn't get the baby to sing. If only there were high-tech products in the world that let children speak in advance! That way the baby's mother won't be lonely. There, there are many graduate students and doctoral students with prestigious school identities like Yan. They usually have good identities and status in the country. They went to Canada. In addition to the difficulty of matching their majors, because of their highly educated status, it has become an obstacle to employment. Because the choice of employment there is different from the domestic employment standards. Where the "famous school" is only regarded as your educational background, and the "label" is glued to your past resume!