Netizens and owners returned home with a full load of joy at the R&F Bay Habitat Salon. Let's first draw out three netizens with pillows, and two netizens who look at the apartment for free. (Lottery) Moderator: Next, I will invite Master Wang to come on stage. Everyone has been looking forward to it for a long time. Master Wang has also prepared for a long time. He will share with you his experience in Feng Shui. The picture shows Wang Haohua, Deputy Secretary General of the Chinese Traditional Culture Promotion Association, Executive Director of the China Fengshui Planning Institute, Vice President and Secretary General of the China Zhouyi Research Association, and President of the Chinese Name Culture Research Association Wang Haohua: About this project, I really feel Very good, location and area, there are people here who believe in feng shui, some who don't believe it, and some who are dubious. Let me first talk about how important feng shui is. Look at this picture. This is a picture taken when Chaoyang Road came here. There is another picture. When we talk about feng shui, don’t go to the road, and say that the building of CCTV is like a fire character. Narrow at the top, wide at the bottom. There is also the building opposite China Central Place (forum photo album model room map search), which has been unfinished now. This building is the building next to Sina. It seems to be called a glorious era. , Chinese culture is about Founder. What is Zhouyi? Since the birth of Zhouyi, there have been more than 3,000 books. You can also see the significance of Feng Shui in Chinese traditional culture. Feng shui is simply wind and water, and safety is not the safety of a house in a deep house. We say that the house should not lose the imbalance of yin and yang. China pays attention to the golden mean. Let me briefly talk about the concept of modern feng shui. Several designers have just talked about the concept of feng shui. Last year, we held the first national Feng Shui building Feng Shui peak (peak blog) forum in the auditorium of the National Committee of the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference, and went to a lot of development Shang, I said that the ancient feng shui has not adapted to the needs of modern life, that is to say, some feng shui concepts are wrong in themselves. We say Fang Zheng. Now we have lived in Beijing for so many years, and we have never seen a building that is square, according to Feng Shui. A house with flaws will have problems, so what does a square look like? We say that it is not bad if there are no corners. Now there is no square house in the house. I have seen many villas, and there will be some missing corners. I think it can be missing. But don't miss too much. The picture shows the audience asking questions on the spot and the question of earth qi. In ancient times, we talked about earth qi, but now it is said that except for villas, we can't get earth qi. Now many underground warehouses are sold. The ancients talked about the unity of heaven and earth, but it is difficult now. Now we are talking about how to keep pace with the times, which is very important. This is last year when I went to a website to look at Feng Shui. I said that the decoration was very dangerous and very creative. From the end of last year to the present, there have been more than a dozen executives, and some of them have gone to Sina. Now it's changed to this. For our design, we can pursue individuality and style, but this style is very dangerous. I will talk about the interior decoration layout of the home. This is a photo I took in the new year. It is one floor. The things outside the door should be cleaned up cleanly, just like our clothes, it is very important that people should clean up cleanly, and the size of the door should not be too large or too small. After talking about the door, let’s talk about the porch. Anyone who designs this porch knows that, I said that the porch should be used as much as possible for houses with more than 90 square meters. There are porches from Shanxi, Shandong to Beijing. I think the porch is very necessary. , In the old Beijing's second ring road, the courtyards have entrances, which are indispensable. The wind is very important, and the wind is also divided into yin and yang. The entrance plays a role in buffering against the wind. There are also patterns. The Chinese patterns should be as soft as possible, and the more auspicious ones, that is, the color with a strong Chinese flavor is better. Never put a mirror. This is the big house we looked at in Tianjin. We said that there is a draft in the hall. This situation should be avoided. I said that this house is not suitable for living in. It is very dangerous. What is the problem with this picture? The bedroom is very important. People live 100 years in their life. They spend 35 years in the bedroom. Now they are more. How important, but one thing is, how big is the bedroom? I don’t think it is too big. Too big is not good. The bedroom of hundreds of square meters is not good. Look at the size of the emperor’s bedroom in the Forbidden City, no more than 25 square meters. I once went to a villa When I was looking at it, a client said how about my house. The big master bedroom is 100 square meters. I said that the bedroom should not be too big. I think the decoration of this bedroom is very good. Painting, my point of view is very clear, the bedroom is the place to sleep, you can play freely in the living room and study room, but don't play too much in the bedroom, I have used such a vivid metaphor, if the duplex villa is very fast, hang some things, What should I do if I fall in bed at noon and smash it, some are more powerful, hang some swords, and fall is deadly. I think the bedroom is the place to rest. This is a large apartment, the living room is very well built, and it is very atmospheric. I want to raise a little objection. We talk about the concept of a round sky and a place. Everyone often goes to the Great Hall of the People, Zhongnanhai, and the ceiling above your head is definitely Round, because in ancient times, the sky was round and the place was round. You said that the upper part is above and the lower part is round. For us, the design concept may be different. I think this bedroom is inappropriate, why? I often say that the bedroom is the place to rest. If you have stayed in the Marriott Hotel, you will find that there is no light on the bed, but the bedroom is for rest. You said that there is a light on the top of the bed when you are sleeping, and it will definitely affect your body for a long time. , I said that there are some negative things that exist, and things that cannot be seen exist. Let’s take a look at the bird’s nest and the due south of the Water Cube. Why hasn’t the Niangniang Temple been demolished? Don't dare to move, there are some negative substances that exist. There is also a bedroom, which is quite typical. I suggest that when this kind of house is renovated, if it is designed and renovated in this way, it should be changed. The Marriott Hotel in Shanghai, who has slept here for more than three days, I say women have gynecology The probability of illness is more than 80%, you can investigate the friends around you, why, through our investigation and practice, you can come to the conclusion that your bed facing the bathroom may be like this. Hang fewer mirrors in the bedroom. I say put less mirrors. When designing, each designer is different, because if you say this, think about it, timid people will really be shocked at night, if you say you are willing to put them , Women love beauty, I suggest hanging a curtain and pulling it up at night, this has a scientific reason. Speaking of fish tanks, I said try to put them in the west and northeast. Where should the TV be placed, I think the southeast and the north can be used, and the west should not put the TV. The children's room is also very important. In terms of the design of the children's room, try to design it as well as possible, especially when the child is seven or eight years old and has to go to school, it should not be placed in the northwest. This is very important. The child's house should not be too colorful. If one side has a problem, it should be avoided. The kitchen should avoid the northwest. I often fight with real estate developers. Now it is transparent from north to south. Otherwise, it should be placed in the northeast, or it will be in the northwest. There is no relative absoluteness. Shangshui and Shanghaidian, with troops in the northwest, is the best location. Your stove should be on the side of the wall, not on the side of the window. It would be better if the kitchen could be placed due east or due south. There is no problem if the western kitchen is placed in the northwest corner, but I recommend not to place it in the northwest corner of the Chinese kitchen. The two kitchens should not be too close, and it is not good if they are too close. Mirrors can be placed in the bathroom, no problem, but one thing, I don't recommend too many sinks, two are enough. Try to design the bathroom door away from your bed when possible. I said Shunfeng Shunyi Shunyi City, Shangfeng Shangshui R&F Bay, I said why Faye Wong was born like that, it has something to do with where she lives, a plane flies over where she lives in three minutes, and when women are pregnant, they look for quiet ones. place, how much radiation is there in that place. So some good places may not be good places. Moderator: Thank you, I borrowed from Master Wang's words, it is easy for students to activate, and life is easy to learn. Every picture he talks about is combined with what we see and use in our daily life. I just saw that everyone is serious I heard Master Wang speak. Whoever wants to discuss your luck, home feng shui, etc. with Master Wang can raise your hand and ask questions. Question: Can a unicorn be placed in the bedroom? What are your thoughts on placing things? Wang Haohua: Putting things at home is more prosperous in Hong Kong and Taiwan, but I don't recommend everyone to put cacti and cacti. They are disrespectful to customers. I have such an experience. I slipped at a customer's house and touched it to the cactus. As for placing unicorns and other things, it is a good thing. No matter whether Feng Shui works or not, at least it solves some psychological problems. It can indeed play a role, but the place of placement is indeed different. Where you put a unicorn may not be a good thing. You can read some related articles on the Internet. There may be some differences. If you look for it slowly, you will eventually find a suitable article. I think it is useful. Question: Our kitchen is in the northwest corner of the house, how to solve it? Wang Haohua: In this case, I suggest that you paint your wall from the stove to yellow. In terms of the five elements, the stove is fire and the yellow is earth. You can try it. Question: Now you are talking about feng shui, in which aspect, do you have to place some things according to the position of the financial position and the official position? Wang Haohua: I have been to many offices. Zhang Chaoyang's office is due south, so this is better. If you say the northwest is a bedroom, I suggest changing it into a study. Question: As soon as we enter the door, the northwest is the master bedroom, the entrance is a kitchen, and the toilet faces the northwest bedroom? Wang Haohua: The ancients said that door-to-door is maddening, but now they all say that luxury houses are one household per ladder. I think that if many of the people here live in towers and slab buildings, there must be one good and one bad. The main door facing the bathroom door is not so good, it can be redesigned. Moderator: Finally, a particularly important task was given to the master, and two trolley cases worth 350 yuan were taken out. (Lottery draw) Moderator: Thank you to all the masters today, thanks to the netizens present, and thanks to R&F Bay for providing us with such a venue. We really invited designers and feng shui masters to our site today. What they talk about has nothing to do with our lives. It is closely related. Today is also a good opportunity to communicate with you. I hope to continue to pay attention to the series of activities of our Sina Leju. Today's activities are over, thank you all! (This event salon ends here) I want to comment