The Peacock City on the Grand Canal, which is located at the intersection of the three major economic circles, took advantage of the situation. Experts pointed out that the Xianghe area is located at the intersection of the three economic circles of the Bohai Rim Economic Circle, the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei Metropolitan Circle and the Capital Economic Circle, and the regional potential is unlimited. If Beijing and Tianjin are regarded as the two main growth poles of the three major economic circles, then the Yanjiao, Xianghe, Langfang and northern Tianjin areas located between the two are the value depressions between the two poles. In the future, Xianghe will become a city with supplementary functions according to the industrial adjustment of Greater Beijing, bringing a new leisure and living environment to Greater Beijing and becoming the first choice for leisure and livability. Because of this, 15 domestic first-line developers have acquired land near the Grand Canal, boosting the maturity of the Xianghe area. The reason why Xianghe can stand out among many cities and regions in the Greater Beijing-Tianjin Plate is that it has a complete transportation network system that can quickly connect with Beijing. It is reported that the Xiangtong Expressway is being built between Tongzhou and Xianghe. After the opening, the drive between Xianghe and Tongzhou will be shortened to 10 minutes. In addition, the Jingtang Express Intercity Railway is already under planning and demonstration, of which Xianghe will be the destination of the Beijing-Tangzhou Expressway. After the first station, it is only a 15-minute drive from Beijing South Railway Station after completion. The Peacock City on the Grand Canal is located in the golden eye area of Xianghe River, facing the first city in the world. The geographical position is unique and the transportation is extremely convenient. It only takes 40 minutes to drive from Guomao, and the project can be directly reached by the Beijing-Harbin Expressway, Jingtong Expressway, 103 National Road, 938 Road, and Beijing-Tianjin Expressway. According to industry insiders, the Peacock City on the Grand Canal will surely take off due to its advantage of the intersection, and the regional value upgrade will be limitless. I would like to comment on property navigation: