Analysis of newly-promoted British and German: Stoke City has strong pockets, Cologne coach is strong Sina Sports News Played a vital role in Stoke City's promotion to the Premier League, and although Banks was once down and out to auction his 1966 World Cup gold medal, he was unrivaled in English football. of. It wasn't easy for club vice-president Alex Humphreys, the operator of England's largest online game; club owner Peter Coates, who was The leader of British ocean shipping, its ocean freight company (Stadia and Lindley Catering) accounts for 10% of the UK's cargo throughput. It is worth noting that Courtis is also a major shareholder of the famous bookmaker BET365, but the shares of the bookmaker have been cashed out by him at a price of 40 million pounds. The current Stoke City boss ranks 25th on the British Rich List. The head coach Tony Pulis, born in 1958, was once considered a genius in the coaching world because he qualified as a B-level coach at the age of 19 and won the coach awarded by UEFA at the age of 21. Certificate, worked as an assistant coach at Bournemouth to assist old Redknapp, and when Old Ray switched to Southampton 10 years ago, he started as Bournemouth head coach. He successfully led the team to upgrade just after taking over Stoke City last season. . The more famous players are the striker Kitson, who has just been introduced from Reading for 5 million pounds, and the original Wolves' midfielder Olofijani, who is 3 million pounds. Last season, the attacking combination of Creswell, Fowler and Sidibe scored 30 of the team's 69 goals. With the transfer of players, Stoke City fires more fiercely, while Poole Sri Lanka is still trying to buy Serbian high center Rijiqi; only the former Villa goalkeeper Sorensen was introduced for free in terms of defense. Last season, Stoke City conceded 55 goals in the 46 rounds of the British Championship. Now the head coach Pulis is strengthening his firepower one-sidedly, focusing on offense and less defense. It is foreseeable that this young team will seek more chances to win. rather than sticking to a draw. Hull city Hull city nicknamed "Tiger" The century-old Hull City has never appeared in the top league before. To the British Championship, last season, after a difficult play-offs, linked to Watford and Bristol City to reach the Premier League. Club chairman Paul Duffin, a former Catalyst Media executive and former Procter & Gamble (P&G) marketing director, replaced Bartlett and Walker as chairman of Hull City in 2007, and brought in Wigan players Forlan and Bolton's Okcha. Peterson and other strong players, and kept their promises to double the wages of players. After the upgrade, Duffin is not stingy in the transfer market. Tottenham's Gardner, Middlesbrough's Boateng, Manchester City's Geovani and other players have joined in, and the Hungarian fast Mahalmosy will also give the team to the team. bring about change. Head coach Phil Brown is actively seeking to buy Chelsea's Peruvian Pizarro, while Spain's Nacho Novo, Portugal's Ariza Makukula and Bolton's Kivin Davies are also in talks. Hull City's success last season was in defense. Although 47 goals were conceded, it was the second-fewest team in the Championship. However, the defensive line conceded more than one goal per game in the Championship. This season, only Gardner has been added. How to resist the more powerful offense of the Premier League team is a big question for head coach Brown. Sina Sports News Stoke City Nicknamed "The Pottery" As the greatest goal prize in England's history, club president Gordon Banks (Gordon Banks) has played a crucial role in Stoke City's promotion schedule The role of Banks, although Banks was so poor that he had to auction the gold medal of the 1966 World Cup, but his popularity in English football circles is unparalleled. It wasn't easy for club vice-president Alex Humphreys, the operator of England's largest online game; club owner Peter Coates, who was The leader of British ocean shipping, its ocean freight company (Stadia and Lindley Catering) accounts for 10% of the UK's cargo throughput. It is worth noting that Courtis is also a major shareholder of the famous bookmaker BET365, but the shares of the bookmaker have been cashed out by him at a price of 40 million pounds. The current Stoke City boss ranks 25th on the British Rich List. The head coach Tony Pulis, born in 1958, was once considered a genius in the coaching world because he qualified as a B-level coach at the age of 19 and won the coach awarded by UEFA at the age of 21. Certificate, worked as an assistant coach at Bournemouth to assist old Redknapp, and when Old Ray switched to Southampton 10 years ago, he started as Bournemouth head coach. He successfully led the team to upgrade just after taking over Stoke City last season. . The more famous players are the striker Kitson, who has just been introduced from Reading for 5 million pounds, and the original Wolves' midfielder Olofijani, who is 3 million pounds. Last season, the attacking combination of Creswell, Fowler and Sidibe scored 30 of the team's 69 goals. With the transfer of players, Stoke City fires more fiercely, while Poole Sri Lanka is still trying to buy Serbian high center Rijiqi; only the former Villa goalkeeper Sorensen was introduced for free in terms of defense. Last season, Stoke City conceded 55 goals in the 46 rounds of the British Championship. Now the head coach Pulis is strengthening his firepower one-sidedly, focusing on offense and less defense. It is foreseeable that this young team will seek more chances to win. rather than sticking to a draw. Hull city Hull city nicknamed "Tiger" The century-old Hull City has never appeared in the top league before. To the British Championship, last season, after a difficult play-offs, linked to Watford and Bristol City to reach the Premier League. Club chairman Paul Duffin, a former Catalyst Media executive and former Procter & Gamble (P&G) marketing director, replaced Bartlett and Walker as chairman of Hull City in 2007, and brought in Wigan players Forlan and Bolton's Okcha. Peterson and other strong players, and kept their promises to double the wages of players. After the upgrade, Duffin is not stingy in the transfer market. Tottenham's Gardner, Middlesbrough's Boateng, Manchester City's Geovani and other players have joined in, and the Hungarian fast Mahalmosy will also give the team to the team. bring about change. Head coach Phil Brown is actively seeking to buy Chelsea's Peruvian Pizarro, while Spain's Nacho Novo, Portugal's Ariza Makukula and Bolton's Kivin Davies are also in talks. Hull City's success last season was in defense. Although 47 goals were conceded, it was the second-fewest team in the Championship. However, the defensive line conceded more than one goal per game in the Championship. This season, only Gardner has been added. How to resist the more powerful offense of the Premier League team is a big question for head coach Brown.