The Netizen Cultural Festival was set for September 14, 1987. On September 14, 1987, my country sent its first e-mail. On the morning of January 6, 2009, this day was selected by nearly 500,000 netizens across the country as the "Chinese Netizen Cultural Festival", that is, China's "Netizen Festival". Yesterday, the reporter interviewed some Internet experts. They told the reporter that the holding of the China Netizen Cultural Festival will help to build China's Internet and publicize the content of safe and healthy Internet access to netizens. However, many Chinese netizens are not impressed by this "Netizen Culture Festival", thinking that it is of little significance. According to reports, yesterday morning, the first China Netizen Cultural Festival (hereinafter referred to as "Netizen Festival") was held in Beijing. The date and logo of the Netizen Festival, voted by netizens, were announced at the meeting. "September 14", the date when my country sent its first e-mail in 1987, was voted as the date of Netizen's Day. 500,000 people participated in the collection and selection. According to Zeng Mingfa, Executive Director of the Office of the Organizing Committee of the China Netizen Culture Festival, the Netizen Festival, as a series of activities, will continue to be promoted in depth; Use network resources to promote healthy culture, at the same time strengthen the promotion of various beneficial information exchanges in the Internet field, transmit the latest network application trends, create a netizen culture with Chinese characteristics, and contribute a special cultural cornerstone to promoting the prosperous and orderly development of the global Internet. It is reported that in order to fully mobilize the enthusiasm of netizens, give full play to the creativity of netizens, and encourage more netizens to participate in the construction of the Internet, the organizing committee decided that netizens personally select the date, logo and other elements of the activities of the Netizen Festival, which lasted more than 3 months. Within a month, nearly 500,000 netizens participated in the collection and selection. After the announcement of the date and logo of the "Netizen's Festival" was spoofed, it immediately aroused the attention of the majority of netizens on the Internet. Many netizens have left comments online. Some netizens said that the logo of the Netizen Festival was "striking". A netizen whose ID is "2008ai.yaya" even posted a post, saying that the logo of the Netizen Festival is a combination of "China Mobile's new TD logo" and "China Telecom Tianyi logo" - "The logo of Netizen Festival consists of the letter e and a red dot. The composition not only inherits the shape of the letter e of China Telecom's Tianyi logo, but also inherits the 'red mole' in the upper right corner of the new logo of China Mobile TD. Many netizens agreed with this, thinking that the design of the logo of the Netizen Festival was too casual. "The shape of the letter e can only represent the Internet, not netizens." Netizens sighed. However, some netizens believe that mentioning the Internet is easy to associate with 'e', so it is also appropriate that the logo of the Netizen Festival has 'e' as the main component. September 14 is more appropriately called China Internet Festival. In addition to their opinions on the logo of the Netizen Festival, many netizens also raised a lot of doubts about the "Netizen Festival". The reporter interviewed a number of netizens in different positions and found that many people think that the establishment of the Netizen Festival is of little significance to life. An editor of an online magazine named "Luo Ri" told reporters that she thinks the establishment of the China Netizen Festival is meaningless. "If the Internet was created by China, then it would be good to set up the Netizen Festival." "Luo Ri" told reporters, "In addition, more and more people have forgotten our country's traditional festivals. Now it is more important to promote Chinese traditional cultural festivals well, and let them continue to be passed down is the first task." The editor of the website "Huizi" also believes that so far there is no need to hold the Netizen Festival, "Although I am a web editor, I really have no interest in the Netizen Festival. It's just that the nature of my work predestines me to be in touch with the Internet every day. But I'm not really a netizen in the true sense." "Huizi" said, "Nowadays, there are more and more festivals of all kinds, and the netizen festival feels like some people are making a fool of yourself." Civil servant netizens who work in the bureau believe that it is inappropriate to set "September 14" for the Netizen Festival. He told reporters that according to media reports, on September 14, 1987, my country sent the first e-mail "Crossing the Great Wall and Going to the World" by a university professor from Karlsruhe, Germany, not a Chinese netizen, so September 14 was designated as The China Internet Festival may be more appropriate, "but the China Internet Culture Festival is obviously a festival for Chinese netizens, and we should choose a day that has a closer relationship with Chinese netizens." However, there are also netizens who have a positive attitude towards the Netizen Cultural Festival, "In any case, This festival is a festival for netizens, to put it bluntly, it is our festival, and it is worth celebrating anyway." A netizen said in a message. "We can take this opportunity to promote healthy Internet access." In addition, some teachers of network media in colleges and universities believe that the Internet Society of China should take advantage of the Internet Culture Festival to promote the healthy development of Internet culture. "In recent years, there have also been more festivals in China, and each festival is colorful, bringing us different enjoyments and a good opportunity for education." A teacher surnamed Chen from a college in Guangzhou believes that holding China The Netizen Cultural Festival also provides a good opportunity to educate netizens and promote the healthy development of the Internet. Teacher Chen also believes that the number of Chinese netizens has soared to 290 million, and it is naturally difficult to manage a large population. "Before the Netizen Festival, seven national ministries and commissions jointly criticized many websites including Google, Baidu and the three major portals. It contains vulgar and unhealthy content." Teacher Chen said, "The Internet Society should take this opportunity to promote content such as healthy Internet access and safe Internet access. When China's Internet is completely healthy, I think it will be a carnival for all Chinese netizens."