The financial crisis has put an end to the myth of "not bad money" in famous American universities. After we reported that the year of the ox was unfavorable, American university endowment funds suffered heavy investment losses, and American universities had a coup to save money, the performance of American university endowment funds has once again attracted media attention. . Even Harvard University, which has always been known for its "good money", remains at the top of the list of endowment funds for American universities even though the last survey showed that they achieved a 5% increase in their investment in fiscal 2008. In less than a few months, the official announced that there will be a substantial shrinkage of 30% by June, which further highlights that under the influence of the financial crisis, especially when the impact of the financial crisis has penetrated deeper into traditional industries, the endowment funds of universities have indeed had an impact. very adverse effects. And famous schools such as Harvard, Stanford and Yale, which have always been known for "not bad money", have also had to stop their infrastructure plans and save money, which is really tightening their belts to live. While it's reassuring that they haven't cut student aid yet, there will undoubtedly be adjustments to future aid programs. The adjustment of Tufts' admissions policy is just the tip of the iceberg of the fact that many colleges running out of funds have begun to adjust their admissions policies. And this change will undoubtedly arouse the close attention of many Chinese applicants who apply to study in the United States. Here are some quotes from the Chinese website of the Financial Times: Amid record admissions applications and a rise in financial aid applications, the unprecedented decline in the value of endowments is making U.S. companies such as Yale, Stanford and Harvard Top universities face a financial squeeze. University endowments lost an average of 24 percent in value in the six months to December, with smaller funds shrinking more, according to a survey by the nonprofit Commonfund. Both Princeton and Harvard said their funds are expected to lose 30% in value in the full fiscal year that ends in June. Other universities said their funds would shrink by a similar amount, or more. At the same time, colleges need to pay more financial aid to students, in part because many schools expanded financial aid programs during the 2007 endowment surge. Stanford provost John Etchemendy said Stanford has committed to paying out $110 million in grants over the next academic year, a $10 million increase from last year. However, as the endowment shrank, Stanford had to cut its $3.5 billion budget by more than $300 million. A record 30,428 students applied to Stanford's 2,300 freshman places this year -- a 20 percent increase from last year. Harvard and Yale, which have also expanded their financial aid programs, have seen similar record numbers of applicants. More than 29,000 students applied for Harvard's 1,650 freshman places, and 26,000 students applied for Yale's 1,951 freshman places. At Harvard, tuition and room and board costs nearly $50,000 a year, but 60 percent of students receive some form of financial aid. While Tufts has said it had to suspend its "need-blind admission policy", most universities are struggling to maintain their financial aid programs. "We're going to try to maintain the program as much as possible," Echemendi said. "But if we cut some expenses, students will still be able to enroll, they'll still be funded." Stanford has frozen staff salaries and terminated a 13 billion-dollar infrastructure project. Echemendi said the school will lay off about 350 people this fiscal year. Harvard said in February it would freeze employee pay and propose early retirement. It has also suspended a major expansion of the Allston science centre. Last year, both Stanford and Harvard relied on endowments to provide 30 percent of their budgets. Some Harvard schools — like the Kennedy School of Government — are more than 50 percent funded by endowments. Princeton's endowment contributes nearly 50 percent of its annual budget.