Nicholas Tse, a new force in Hong Kong film industry, has been leading the way in ten years of hard work. Nicholas Tse (Ting Song) has achieved remarkable results in the entertainment industry. Records, movies, TV, and concerts are coming one after another, and there is a great potential to succeed the superstar! Over the years, he has not only been called "the successor of Andy Lau (Tingge)" by the media, but Chen Musheng and Jaycee Chan (Tingge blog) have also recommended him as the "successor of Jackie Chan (Tingge blog)", and Chow Yun-Fat (Tingge blog) Song) also couldn't help appointing him as the most potential "successor"...Although Nicholas Tse has repeatedly expressed his refusal to be the successor, the fact that he can win such praise in the hearts of his predecessors is the truest affirmation of his efforts! So, how much "succession" strength does he have? All-round attack to take over the succession of the four kings of the film industry to take over Andy Lau - the all-round entertainer's succession: "The Witness" (2008) Succession results: Good succession Comments: Nicholas Tse and Andy Lau, the most "basic" similarities are two: one is handsome, and the other is diligence . Besides, Nicholas Tse's popular "Thank you for your love 1999" is still "follow the trend" and Andy Lau's more classic "Thank you for your love" 7 years ago! During the filming of the new film "The Witness", the crew witnessed Nicholas Tse's diligence and dedication more than once: he was scratched in the eye by a bottle on the first day of work, but he refused to stay in the doctor, and resumed filming after a simple bandage; In order to cooperate with the plot, he turned violently in the foul-smelling garbage heap, and his hands were stained without complaint; in order to film a chase scene, he even ran into a roadside stall three times and caused an accident, but after ensuring safety, he immediately returned. Back to work... Nicholas Tse's self-motivation and eagerness to learn has to remind people of the typical "Desperate Saburo" Andy Lau in the entertainment industry, and Nicholas Tse has also publicly stated: "I think my idol is the artist I admire the most-- -Andy Lau!" As we all know, Andy Lau's status as a superstar today is inseparable from his hard work for more than 20 years, and his approachable attitude has repeatedly encouraged the straight-tempered Nicholas Tse, which has benefited him a lot. Therefore, Nicholas Tse's hard-working and hard-working attitude, which is widely appreciated today, aims to be in line with Andy Lau! When he first entered the entertainment industry, Nicholas Tse encountered setbacks. When he sang on stage, he often got boos. In his own words: "No one regards me as a newcomer, and they all think that I depend on my parents." The Andy Lau also suffered hardships, and the sales of his first album were not satisfactory. Throughout the 1980s, his musical journey was at a stalemate. Climbing up, setting records repeatedly, and becoming a well-deserved superstar of the emperor; 10 years later, Nicholas Tse, who was a fledgling, continued to grow up in the boos. In 1999, "believe" established his status in the music world and became a popular idol singer, in terms of limelight. In addition, Nicholas Tse and Andy Lau were both nominated for the image of "Young and Dangerous": Andy Lau achieved a breakthrough in acting with "Carmen in Mong Kok", and was nominated for the 8th Hong Kong Film Awards for the first time. Best Actor, and Nicholas Tse was nominated for Best Actor at the 36th Taiwan Film Golden Horse Awards for his "Smoke Boy" in "Half Cigarette". Innate rebellious temperament and passion, but there is a sense of "in the same line"; Now, Andy Lau has become a role model for artists, and Nicholas Tse, who has experienced many turmoils, has also grown up, from the immature rebellious boy to today's strong and responsible Good man at heart! As the years go by, you can always get the support and recognition of the public. As an artist, what more can you ask for? Amon/Wen Statement: Sina.com's exclusive manuscript, please indicate the source for reprinting.