Xinjiang restores the mobile phone short message service and some websites in the region. Xinhuanet Urumqi, January 17th. The reporter learned from the Autonomous Region Information Office that since January 17, 2010, Xinjiang has gradually resumed the short message business in the region. Taking into account the stability maintenance situation in Xinjiang, the autonomous region has opened Xinhuanet and People's Daily in Xinjiang on December 28, 2009. On January 10, 2010, Xinjiang netizens have resumed limited browsing and access to Sina.com and Sohu.com. The autonomous region will also gradually resume relevant communication services in accordance with the principle of "opening up step by step" to meet the communication needs of economic and social development and facilitate the daily life of people of all ethnic groups. Since the "7.5" incident, the Xinjiang Information Office has continuously released authoritative information provided by the public security department through text messages, conveying the public security situation to citizens and reminding the public to pay attention. In addition, Xinjiang has opened online banking, online securities, online enrollment, weather forecast SMS and other communication services. (End) After the 7-5 Incident, Xinjiang Implemented Partial Control of Internet Mobile SMS business. Taking into account the stability maintenance situation in Xinjiang, the autonomous region has opened Xinhuanet and People's Daily in Xinjiang on December 28, 2009. On January 10, 2010, Xinjiang netizens have resumed limited browsing and access to Sina.com and Sohu.com. The autonomous region will also gradually resume relevant communication services in accordance with the principle of "opening up step by step" to meet the communication needs of economic and social development and facilitate the daily life of people of all ethnic groups. Since the "7.5" incident, the Xinjiang Information Office has continuously released authoritative information provided by the public security department through text messages, conveying the public security situation to citizens and reminding the public to pay attention. In addition, Xinjiang has opened online banking, online securities, online enrollment, weather forecast SMS and other communication services. (End) After the 7-5 Incident, Xinjiang Implemented Partial Control on Internet Mobile SMS