Peng Shun and Peng Fa's "Storm 2" visual effects upgrade Tang Yan's love for idols (picture) blog) and other starring magic martial arts film "Fengyun 2" has been filmed, is expected to be released in December 2009. On the afternoon of December 8th, directors Peng Shun and Peng Fa brothers and the film's heroine Tang Yan visited Sina Entertainment to talk about the filming experience and reveal the anecdotes and anecdotes on the set. The following is the chat transcript. Moderator Wang Ying: Dear netizens and friends of Sina.com, hello everyone, welcome to watch Sina video, I am the host Wang Ying. The movie "Wind and Cloud" battles the arena again. Today, we specially invite the main creators of "Wind and Cloud" to introduce them to you. Director Peng Fa, you are welcome, I want to identify carefully (laughs) Because they are twin directors, I will share with you here. Hello friends. Peng Fa: Hello. Host Wang Ying: Actor Tang Yan is very beautiful. Tang Yan: Thank you, everyone. Moderator Wang Ying: The other one should also introduce himself. "Fengyun 2" is more delicate, stunt, dazzling, and grander than the first romance. Well, whether it's movies or online games, why do people love the script "Fengyun" so much? Peng Fa: Because "Wind and Cloud" has three stories in the comics, we usually read the first one, and the second one should have never been filmed, nor has the movie been filmed. Host Wang Ying: We are all too familiar with the first story. What about the second story of "Storm 2" this time? Is our Tang Yan introduced to us? Tang Yan: It is mainly about the duel between the wind and the cloud, but I will talk about my part first. Host Wang Ying: Okay, Chu Chu. Tang Yan: Because in the first part, everyone actually saw that there is a little emotional part between Chu Chu and Bu Jingyun, but in this part, there will be a little bit of sublimation, and it will be said a little more, which is reflected in the feelings The place is more delicate. Host Wang Ying: Apart from feelings, is there anything different from the first part? Director Peng Shun, tell us more about it. Peng Shun: There are many differences. It seems that the two actors are different, because their acting skills have improved a lot ten years ago and today, and then the way we make martial arts films has changed. We used a lot of special skills to make this comic The animation becomes a movie, which is what we spent a lot of time trying to make this movie with. Host Wang Ying: But to tell the truth, the first "Fengyun" used a lot of special effects. I wonder what kind of movie it will be when more special effects are added in the second time? Peng Fa: Actually, we shouldn’t say that the second episode has more or less stunt shots than the first episode. In fact, it’s not about whether it’s more or less, because the technology of Hong Kong stunts has improved a lot, so I hope it comes out. It is to give the audience a new feeling. It seems that Aaron Kwok had a fight ten years ago, and he had a fight ten years later. His acting and fighting are the same, but the effect is definitely different, because ten years ago The stunt was ten years ago, and ten years later was ten years later. Host Wang Ying: The lineup and scenes are much bigger than before. Peng Fa: Yes. Peng Fa highly praised Ekin Cheng and Aaron Kwok's role success Tang Yan revealed that the director was "not fierce at all" Host Wang Ying: I don't know why Ekin Cheng and Aaron Kwok were used ten years ago, and they are still used ten years later, is it a kind of accept it? For the movie "Storm 2". Peng Fa: Because we thought about finding someone else to do this Nie Feng and Bu Jingyun before, we really couldn't think of it, because the two of them really seem to be Bu Jingyun and Nie Feng. They are the most successful. It is a symbol, because he is too successful, so you will have a lot of pressure on letting another person do Nie Feng. Finally, we let Aaron Kwok and Ekin Cheng meet once, and the effect is still very good. Host Wang Ying: Does Tang Yan feel that she is under a lot of pressure? Tang Yan: Of course, because I am the newest person and everyone is my senior, so I wondered what it would be like. Before I went, I had concerns. I would think about how I should act to be able to play this role well, but then I felt that I was thinking too much, because when I actually got to the scene, I saw the staff around me. , including the director, including the actors, everyone will not say that you are a newcomer, and then there will be different, in fact, it will not, that is, everyone can integrate into an overall creative atmosphere, which allows me to relax and take the usual The mind plays its own good state. Host Wang Ying: A very good creative state, I wonder if the two directors are very strict? Is it bad for you? Tang Yan: Not fierce at all (laughs) Host Wang Ying: Let's discuss, right? Tang Yan: Yes, in fact, the two directors gave me a lot of room to perform. They won't say that you are restricted, that you have to follow my routine or whatever. I think they will watch me act first. If there is a little bit of failure in my acting, or whatever, they will give me a call, and then I will... Host Wang Ying: Heuristic director. Tang Yan: Yes. The twin directors have a heart-to-heart connection on the set. Tang Yan said that Peng Shun and Peng Faru are the host. Wang Ying: If there are many features in "Storm 2", we say that the twin directors are one of the major features. I wonder if you will have one on the set. Division of labor? Peng Fa: In fact, we have. In fact, after we finish the script, we will know exactly which scene was shot by him and which scene was shot by me. Usually we only have one person on set, and the other one needs to be filmed. Go back to the cutting room to cut. Host Wang Ying: Even if they are twins, they have different ideas. You filmed this scene today, and Director Peng Shun filmed another scene. Can you continue? Peng Shun: Yes, because the twins have the same thoughts, the brothers may be different, and the brothers may think differently, but we twins are the same and think the same. Host Wang Ying: It also includes a lot of films before, and there is a certain period of running-in. Peng Fa: Yes, I can't tell which part of Peng Shixiong's film, which part was filmed by him, and which part was filmed by me. It is always a complete play, and no one has ever noticed that we filmed it separately. Tang Yan: I think the two directors have a tacit understanding between them. If you are not twins, you may not be able to imagine and understand them at all. Their tacit understanding does not need to communicate with eyes or words, it is a natural understanding. That kind of spiritual connection I think is innate. Host Wang Ying: I saw that about a year ago, when the two directors came to our Sina studio, the host at the time said, if you want to distinguish the two directors from the difference, you can see from the glasses, one is black. Frame, one is gold frame, now the hairstyle can be distinguished. But I'm thinking, if two directors have the same hairstyle and the same actor, can the actors themselves be indistinguishable? Tang Yan: Because one time when I was on the set, the director definitely didn't notice it, but I would observe it secretly. I didn't look at their beards or their hair, I just looked at their facial features, and then they joked about a certain little boy. The little ones are all the same. Even when talking, if you close your eyes and the two of them are in the same position, you feel like one person is talking. "Storm 2" has been waiting for 11 years to bloom. Peng Fa's self-confidence and stunts are very different. Host Wang Ying: Tang Yan, it's fair, so that our directors are always staring at the actors. What are you? Actually, our actors, including the host, I Sitting here is also, quietly compare whether the eyes are the same and the nose is the same (laughs) I have also said before this movie, such as online games, TV dramas, and movies, there are too many shots, so we have to do this in addition to the director. In addition to the big features, what other features are there? Our "Storm 2" movie? Peng Fa: Actually, there is only one movie, there are many TV series, and there is only one movie, which was 11 years ago. Host Wang Ying: Is it the Liu Weiqiang (blog) version? Peng Fa: Yes, then there was no, and now the second episode is 12 years apart, so I think the audience is still looking forward to it, because especially Hong Kong movies, there will be no second episode after success, and all successful movies will start immediately In the second and third episodes, there is only one successful movie "Fengyun", which has not been filmed for 11 years after its success. Moderator Wang Ying: What is the reason? Have the two directors analyzed it? 11 years without shooting. Peng Fa: Because the first film has been very successful, every director, in terms of special effects, can say that this "Storm 2" will be filmed again in five years. I believe it is not so special. Now ten years is the best time. It was the best time to shoot "Storm 2" because that stunt was different. Peng Fa: There are new effects. Host Wang Ying: It can also be said that the two directors are really able to endure loneliness. They are also waiting in the process. There may be some good works in front of them, but for this work, I think the two of them are sure Has it been coveted for a long time? Peng Fa: Yes, in fact, we are also looking forward to what will happen after the whole play is completed. Because I still can't tell you what the effect will be, because I'm still doing it now, and it's not finished yet. So we are looking forward to it ourselves, not just the audience. Host Wang Ying: The actor is looking forward to it even more, his style, and then his performance, especially Tang Yan (laughs) working with so many big names. Tang Yan: Yes, because when we usually act, you should have heard that we are shooting next to the green set, so when we are on the scene, we are not talking about the complete real scene. It may be that you rely on your rich imagination. Host Wang Ying: This is too difficult. Tang Yan: You have to believe that you are in such an environment, so I really want to see it. When this film is released one day, I want to know what I was doing there and what was around me. Host Wang Ying: This is too much to imagine. Before the green set, you didn't know what it looked like. Tang Yan: Yes. Host Wang Ying: But I know that you filmed in Thailand, the scene was shot in Thailand, why did you choose there? Peng Shun: Because many of our staff have been working together for many years and are in Thailand, it is more convenient for us. Host Wang Ying: I understand that it is the entire creative team. Peng Fa: Yes, the communication between the staff is also familiar with Thai people. Peng Shun revealed that the love scene was really touching. Tang Yan was heroic in a purple shirt. , they have a particularly romantic scene, there are fireflies everywhere, I wonder if our "Fengyun 2" will also create this kind of situation? Peng Shun: Because this story is different, they had a big problem at the beginning of the second story, because they lost the war, so each of them in the movie story was very nervous at first, no Too much time for romance with you, so this romantic situation is not too much. But the relationship between Bu Jingyun and Chu Chu, Nie Feng and Er Meng is also very important. They are not there to talk about love, but when they are in trouble, Chu Chu is next to Bu Jingyun, and Er Meng also goes to rescue Nie. Feng, this is a bit more real, it's not a love story, but I believe the audience will be moved when they see the love between the two of them. Host Wang Ying: Very true. We know that the director came from a photography background and paid great attention to the beauty of the picture. I don’t know what the two directors will pay more attention to. For this movie. Peng Fa: We also attach great importance to the picture, and then the rhythm of the editing, which is also very important. Host Wang Ying: I think this should be the focus of the two directors, because they have made a lot of ghost movies before, right? (laughs) Because of ghost movies, I think the rhythm and editing rhythm are very important, but for ghost movies For many film and television works now, the editing rhythm is too important, and everyone is reluctant to watch it if it drags on. Peng Shun: Yes, we also think this is very strange, people today have no patience when watching movies. Host Wang Ying: Yes, as long as I see a little procrastination, I feel bored and run away, so this is very important. I especially want to know Tang Yan, what kind of shape does she have, is she wearing purple clothes? Tang Yan: The purple shirt, this outfit was designed by Mr. Xi Zhongwen himself. This outfit will make you feel very heroic. In fact, I think the styling is very important, because it can help you enter the world more quickly. This character, the feeling of finding this character. After all, we are so far away from ancient times now. Host Wang Ying: So after this outfit. Tang Yan: Yes, it will help you enter the role faster. Host Wang Ying: Speaking of which, I heard that our actors' styling cost a lot of money. Peng Fa: Clothing is also quite expensive. Host Wang Ying: This should be relatively high for the investment cost of our films, right? Peng Fa: Very high. Host Wang Ying: Now that the film has reached the production stage, I have a question that I am very curious about. I think we are going to celebrate the New Year in 2009, and a strong film will be released. Can we see it next year, at the end of next year? Peng Fa: At the end of 2009. Host Wang Ying: Then we are doing publicity a year in advance. Peng Fa: Yes, it's just been a year. Host Wang Ying: At the film festival, everyone mentioned "Storm 2" repeatedly. Not only is our main creator full of confidence, but many fans and many media are also very confident and look forward to this work. Peng Shun: Hope.