Samuelson: Keeping up with history come, mainly because they focus their energy on building models and creating theories, while ignoring changing realities. The following is a summary of the article: The current economic and financial crisis may be the worst since the "Great Depression", but economists who spend most of their time analyzing economic trends largely failed to predict the crisis. A few economists may have had some foresight, but they were few; most were as surprised by the crisis as we were. why? This is a question that has to be faced, but there is no convincing answer. So far, economists have not made harsh self-criticisms to explain their mistakes. Assuming that most economists are "advocates of free market theory," then "free market theory" is a standard scapegoat. But that's not really the case. Harvard Business School professor and financial historian Niall Ferguson points out that the birth of money was a historical event of great significance, and so was the birth of finance that followed. Without money and finance, we would not be able to go beyond barter and build a modern economy. But these advances are intertwined with bubbles, collapses, fraud and hyperinflation. Finance has always been a source of progress and instability. Most economists failed to foresee the current crisis, and Ferguson sees two reasons. The first is finance itself. The crisis originated in financial markets, but finance occupies a secondary place in mainstream economics. Some economists study finance, and the ups and downs and side effects of financial markets are not considered important reasons for economic expansion and contraction. Economists tend to focus their energies directly on consumer, business and government spending. It is also widely assumed that deposit insurance and the existence of the Federal Reserve will prevent financial panics. If you don't take financial markets seriously, you're dead wrong. Financial markets bred a housing bubble, inflation in housing and stock market wealth spurred a surge in consumer spending, and the loss of subprime mortgage securities triggered a collapse in market confidence. Some economists have reluctantly admitted mistakes. A survey conducted by the International Monetary Fund acknowledges that people underestimate the impact of systemic risks in the financial sector on the real economy. Another bigger mistake: ignoring history. By and large, most economists are not particularly concerned with history. College textbooks rarely cover the business cycle in the 19th century, focusing on "principles of economics," most of which seem to apply forever. Economists focus on building beautiful mathematical models. Like Ferguson said, history is constantly changing. Changes are driven by institutions, technologies, laws, cultural and religious values, governments, public beliefs, and more. Building models and creating theories can sometimes simplify the real world and provide insights. But usually, the assumptions of the model are so far from reality that the conclusions drawn from the model are useless. Economists think they have solved the problem of economic stability. Their tools are sufficient to prevent widespread economic collapse, even if they cannot control every twist in the business cycle. This complacency may have been accurate at one time, but not later. Markets have become more complex, with more money flowing across borders. History is moving forward, but economists are not keeping pace. (Xingya)