Dirk Messler: Develop a low-carbon economy to cope with the global economic recession China Economic Net Beijing, March 21 (Reporter Liang Lixia) Mr. Dirk Messler, President of the German Development Institute, at the China Development Forum 2009 held today At the academic summit of the annual conference, he admitted that facing the current economic situation, on the one hand, we must carry out some plans for economic recovery, on the other hand, we must pay attention to measures to deal with climate change and develop a low-carbon economy, so as to effectively respond to the global economy. decline. Dirk Messler said that the deficiencies of the financial system led to the current economic crisis, and in order to solve this problem, some global changes must be made to strengthen political governance. At the same time, the entire global economic environment and climate change must be addressed. If this is left unchecked, this century will see a temperature rise of 6-7 degrees Celsius, which will have a serious impact on the sustainable development of the global economy and the living environment of human beings. Dirk Messler believes that many policymakers now think that the first problem to be dealt with is to deal with the economic crisis first, and then deal with climate change, which is wrong. The issue of global climate change must be dealt with now, so that it does not become a huge challenge to humanity in the twenty-first century. If the climate issue is dealt with now, the cost will be relatively small, and the climate change issue must be dealt with at the same time as the economic crisis, so that the global economy can be stabilized in the next few years, and then the global economy can be stabilized in 2010 and 2011. Continue to gain economic growth without severely impacting the global climate after 2011. "So I suggest that on the one hand, we should carry out some plans for economic recovery, and on the other hand, we should also pay attention to measures to deal with climate change. We must develop a low-carbon economy, so that we can effectively deal with the recession of the global economy." Dirk Mays Le introduced that the low-carbon economy has specific content. Instead of large-scale spending plans, economic stimulus plans, and the development of traditional and old industries, these stimulus plans should pay more attention to the new and innovative low-carbon economy. Build a lower carbon economy. The current economic stimulus plan of the G20 is unsatisfactory, and many countries and governments have not linked their economic recovery plans with investment in a low-carbon economy. McKinsey is conducting research in this area, and McKinsey's low-carbon economy report provides us with a roadmap for dealing with global climate change. Specifically, investment should be made from three aspects: The first aspect is investment in energy efficiency, including automotive business, construction and industry. The second aspect of investment is investment in low-carbon economic energy, including research and development in wind energy, electric power, solar energy, biomass energy, and other aspects of research. The third aspect is investment in agriculture and forestry, including preventing desertification. More effective measures in agriculture can effectively help reduce global greenhouse gas emissions, which is also a very big challenge.