In setbacks, the United Arab League quietly developed two new weapons. Wall likes such teammates. Yi Jianlian scored 8 points on 2 of 5 shots, 4 of 4 free throws, and his performance was average. In the game, Yi Jianlian got two blocks, especially the first time he was blocked by Wilson Chandler, but from another point of view, this block was also given to Yi Jianlian himself and head coach Sanders. Take inspiration: Yi Jianlian is in the transition from outside to inside. After waiting hard on the bench for a quarter and a minute and a half, Yi Jianlian finally made his debut and quickly got the opportunity to attack: With 10 minutes and 01 seconds left in the second quarter, the Wizards played a quick counterattack, Kirk Xin Richie dribbled the ball forward, and Yi Jianlian was already about to go down to the top three-point line of the arc; Hinrich understood and passed the ball to Yi Jianlian who was on the move in time. The fast break was ended with a dunk; unfortunately, this gave Wilson Chandler a chance to show his bounce. Yi Jianlian failed to make a dunk, and was intercepted by Chandler and got a block. Judging from this ball, Yi Jianlian is not fully prepared, as if he did not expect Hinrich to send such a wonderful pass, but more importantly, Yi Jianlian's confrontation ability needs to be strengthened, although Chandler bounces terribly , but Yi Jianlian, who is in an attacking state, is more proactive. Even if he fails to make a dunk, if he has a super confrontation ability, he can completely earn a foul when he collides in the air. But on the other hand, although this attack was unsuccessful, it revealed a positive signal: as a 7-footer, Yi Jianlian has strong athletic ability and can completely become a fast-break leader. Today's Wizards have three good cards in the backcourt of John Wall, Hinrich and Gilbert Arenas. If all three remain healthy, head coach Philip Saunders intends to "play small and fast", Fast break is a very important part of it. Especially Wall, who starts fast and ruthless, has excellent stealing ability, and is an ideal "fast break starter". The Wizards' 1-point victory over the 76ers in overtime strongly confirmed this: the champion sent 13 assists and 9 steals. This kind of fast-break style of play not only requires the defender to have a strong ability to launch fast-breaks, but also whether other players can follow up quickly is also very important, and Yi Jianlian obviously has this ability. The fast break is also the link that Yi Jianlian focused on strengthening with the trainer David Thorpe in the summer. In an exchange between the two, Thorpe once asked Yi Jianlian if he had this ability. When Yi Jianlian gave a positive answer, Thorpe further demanded, "Become the fastest fast breaker in the league." Preseason , Yi Jianlian has demonstrated this ability. "Washington Post" Michael Lee once made an image report: "In the (preseason) game between the Washington Wizards and the Cleveland Cavaliers, John Wall was still waiting for a pass from his teammate Trevor Booker, Yi Jianlian It started at high speed, and the wind ran through half court. Finally, Wall received the ball. At this time, Yi Jianlian had surpassed all the defenders and rushed to the basket. Wall understood and threw the ball to the big teammate. Yi Jianlian's The speed is so fast that it gives the impression that if the brakes are not braked in time, he will rush out of the field. This scene did not happen. Although he was traveling at a high speed, Yi Jianlian still controlled his body balance. The slam dunk also resulted in a foul by the returning defender. It was so exciting! Teammate Al Thornton ran back excitedly and hit Yi Jianlian's chest with his arm - this is the best reward for Yi Jianlian's personal performance by his teammates. "This time, after the fast break described by Michael Lee as a "fast break textbook", Yi Jianlian said in an interview: "This is our established tactic." There are enough offensive scenes, and there is no way to show the fast-break ability that has been cultivated for a long time. I don't know whether this anticlimactic fast-break can make Philip Saunders excited and give Yi Jianlian the power to end the fast-break. Yi Jianlian has a good mid-range shot, but as a major insider substitute, he needs to develop more offensive methods. In addition, the starting power forward Andre - Bleiqie's shooting ability is also good, Yi Jianlian does not have an advantage in the comparison between the two. Now Yi Jianlian has consciously hit the basket, but due to his long-term playing habits and relatively rough interior offensive skills, it is difficult to become a first-class interior attacker in a short period of time. In the new season, Yi Jianlian began to take positions at the basket frequently. In this game, there was a scene: after the UAE restricted area, he attracted double teams, and Hinrich was unguarded. Although there was no score, the UAE's attempt to play inside has benefited his teammates. (Stray dogs)