Dubai plans to build a 750-meter super-tall pyramid that can accommodate 1 million people The giant pyramids built by the ancient Mayans and Egyptians are breathtaking, but now, Dubai, United Arab Emirates-based "Time Link" architectural design company is planning to build another taller and grander super pyramid in Dubai - this one called " The modern version of Jigurat's pyramid will be 750 meters high and cover a total area of about 2.3 square kilometers. It will be 6 times larger than the pyramids of Giza in Egypt and can accommodate 1 million people at the same time! Covering an area of 2.3 square kilometers, it is reported that the word "Jigurat" is the name of the temple building in the ancient Mesopotamian valley, which is characterized by the use of shrinking floors to form a platform-style pyramid. It is reported that the modern version of the "Jigurat" pyramid will be built near Dubai. Its appearance is pyramid-shaped, with a height of an astonishing 750 meters, a total area of about 2.3 square kilometers, and a base circumference of 1,500 meters. Judging from the design drawings, the "Jigurat" pyramid will stand on the desert or oasis near Dubai, and its shape is extremely spectacular. Shockingly, after completion, the "Gigurat" Pyramid will be six times larger than the Egyptian Pyramid of Giza, which is only about 167 meters high and covers an area of 52,900 square meters. Compared with the "Gigurat" pyramid, the Giza pyramid will look like a low "ant hill". The elevator network is all over the "Pyramid City" According to the blueprint of the "Time Link" company, the "Jigurat" pyramid is a steel skeleton structure, and the middle of the pyramid is a columnar structure like a rocket launch tower. pass through. There are many voids on the outer surface of the pyramid, which can introduce light and fresh air into the interior of the pyramid. It is reported that in the pyramid, hundreds of thousands of apartments, commercial centers, ice rinks, outdoor theaters, tennis courts, multiple public squares, schools and hospitals will be built, making it a veritable "Pyramid City". It is reported that the "Jigurat" pyramid will also be equipped with a public transportation system with superhuman efficiency, with criss-crossing roads and transportation pipelines all over the pyramid, forming a 360-degree transportation network. Hundreds of elevators can run arbitrarily both vertically and horizontally at the same time, quickly transporting residents from one "community" to another within the pyramid, making cars redundant. Since each resident's workplace and home are within the pyramid, they will no longer have to commute to get off work every day in the future, or even never have to leave the pyramid. This "super pyramid" can accommodate 1 million residents at the same time, which is equivalent to half of Dubai's current total population (about 2 million)! According to Timelink, the Jigurat pyramid will be a self-sufficient, environmentally friendly and smart eco-city that minimizes carbon dioxide emissions. It is reported that the pyramid will use solar energy, steam, wind and other natural resources to provide the main energy. In addition, the water and garbage in the pyramid will be recycled and reused, thereby reducing environmental pollution. Moreover, a large number of public and private "green spaces" will be set up in the pyramids, which can not only be used to build gardens, botanical gardens, and parks, so that the residents in the pyramids have sufficient leisure places; they can also be used as irrigation and agricultural land for Grow vegetables and fruits to provide abundant food for the residents. Ridas Matonis, managing director of Timelink, revealed: "Half of the energy in the 'Jigurat' pyramid community will be self-sufficient. In addition to using steam for energy, we will also use wind turbines to draw Natural resources." October public design plan It is reported that in the "2008 Dubai City International Landscape Exhibition" held at the Dubai International Exhibition Center from October 6 to 9, "Time Link" company will officially announce the "Jigurat" "The design of the pyramid. It is reported that the "Time Link" company has applied for a patent for the unique design and technology of the "Jigurat" pyramid, and is applying to the European Union for approval of the construction of the project. According to the "International Urban Environment Association", the technology used in the "Jigurat" pyramid can completely make it a "city" that can operate independently, but in some details, the "Jigurat" design scheme There is still room for debate. Martin Kramer, managing director of the International Urban Environment Association, said: "From a technical point of view, the 'Jigurat' pyramid is feasible, but as a holistic analysis of sustainability, we are not very good at food supply and waste disposal systems. Confirmed.” (Zong Wen) Dubai will build new artificial islands according to the distribution of planets in the solar system (Photos)