Fans write limericks to humiliate McGrady: Let the useless T-mac get off the court Sina Sports News Beijing time on November 5th, NBA official website columnist Steve Echeberner reported that Tracy McGrady is currently Due to his physical condition and his attitude towards the game, the former superstar said that he is not worried about investing more patience in the recovery process, but he did not rule out choosing to retire when there is no hope of recovery from injury. Today's Tracy McGrady is no longer the 7-time All-Star, 2-time scoring champion and team leader. Instead, his opponents really don't feel any threat from him. Interestingly, fans of the Pistons' rival team even wrote a limerick in the stands to " entertain" the former superstar, "T-mac! T-mac! Don't try to get back the feeling of the past, Pistons. Just wanted to tell you, get this useless guy off the court! T-mac! You're like Brett Favry now After receiving minimally invasive knee surgery, the coach was very cautious when using McGrady. When the game was 7 minutes and 28 seconds left, McGrady was replaced, and then he sat on the bench and watched the Bulls play. A wave of 23-5 offensive frenzy, "I have no choice but to go off the court and be a spectator." McGrady said: "I'm still trying to recover 100 percent, and the current situation can only allow me to play like this. .” An Eastern Conference scout commented on Tracy McGrady today, “He’s not in shape at all. If you pay attention to his performance, you will find that his movements are too slow, like a full beat or even two beats. , he also didn't manage to create a shot for himself or actively ask for the ball, I really don't know why that's the case, the recovery phase is going to be tough as he's had a lot of injuries and he's trying to get back to his old form, I'll keep an eye on him But the old Tracy McGrady may be gone, let's wait and see." Teammate Tayshane Prince still saw the positive side, "Obviously, we want him to recover slowly." He "He's become the veteran we want to see, and when he's on the court, we want him to create opportunities for his teammates because he has a high basketball IQ and so far, he's done a great job with his teammates," he said. Very good, when a player is not 100% recovered, you definitely don't want to force him to do anything, I had a serious injury for the first time last season, and I wanted to come back as soon as possible, but I was playing After three or four games, the injury came back, so I had to rest a few more games for it, mentally, we want to help our team, but patience is absolutely necessary throughout the process. The missing part." In McGrady's view, the number of points is not important, the key is to keep up with the rhythm of the game, "foot movement is the key, I don't worry about how many points or anything like that, I just worry about how to control myself. Moving in the race, I'm optimistic about the next few months because I'm training hard now and the coaches with me are quite experienced, but if I don't achieve the expected recovery goals this year, then I will Considering whether to stick to it, or just retire and go home to be a family man, this will be a difficult choice." (Like)