Kelley Index Fireline Analysis: Milan's away match against Seville at home Sina Sports News Click to see Kelley's data Great, first of all, in the calculation results of the Kai index and the Kai ratio data, each data is inclined to Inter Milan, and the difference is widened. The balance requirement, but the weight value data, the smallest difference in the market is the main winning item, and the difference is ideal, supporting the handicap of more than two balls and a half, while the actual sub-handicap is the ball and half/two balls, and the difference is all 0 Value combination, support Inter Milan to win, it is recommended to choose 3; 2. Siena VS Sampdoria From the current analysis of the whole system, the home team has no obvious advantage, but the visiting team's data is also relatively average, Kay refers to the calculation results In the Kaibi value data, there is no difference between the data of each company. Betfair Kaibi value and THREE WAY Kaibi value data are not optimistic about the main win. The weight value data basically has no score difference. A draw means that the main victory cannot be given up in the whole set. It is recommended to check 310; 3. Genoa VS Roma From the current analysis of the whole system, it is more obvious that Roma is unbeaten away. , but the Betfair Kaibi value corresponds to the THREE WAY Kaibi value and is not optimistic about the Roma guest win. The draw value is a positive value, and the draw is worthy of attention. The weight value data, the smallest difference item in the market is the guest win item, and the point difference is reasonably widened, which can make Hemisphere or flat half, there is a slight difference with the reduction value data. The reduction value data can directly support the hemisphere disk. At this time, the sub table is the flat half disk. At this time, Rome has a winning situation. It is recommended that the Boloma win, and choose 0; 4 .Reggina VS AC Milan From the current data analysis of the whole system, AC Milan's current data supports its continued recovery, and it is very sure to get a point. First of all, in the calculation results of the Kay Index and the Kaybi value data, the data tend to be For the visiting team, but from the data corresponding to the Betfair Kaibi value and the THREE WAY Kaibi value, it is not optimistic that the guest wins. In fact, TOTO does not support the AC visiting team. The weight value data, the smallest disagreement item in the market is the customer victory item, which can still be supported. The customer handicap half a set, and the Asian handicap at this time is quite unrealistically high for the handicap one-ball set. There are also changes in Ladbrokes in the difference value. It is recommended to prevent a draw and check 10; 5. Chievo VS Turin from the current In terms of the data analysis of the whole department, to be honest, Turin's results this year should surprise many people, but the ability of Turin to make cold in this game is limited. First of all, the calculation results and the kebi value data of Kai refers to the data of each team tending to the home team. , you can be optimistic that Chievo is unbeaten at home, the point difference is not fully widened, the key items in the draw, the weight value data, the smallest market disagreement is the main winning item, the point difference is not fully widened, it can support the draw and half, it is recommended that this game Check 31; 6. Naples VS Basiemo From the analysis of the current situation of the whole system, the home team is unbeaten, the Kelly index calculation results and the Kebi value data, each data tends to the home team, Naples You can be optimistic about the undefeated, the difference between the Betfair Kaibi value and the THREE WAY Kaibi value is a draw, the weight value data, the smallest market divergence is the main winning item, the difference is reasonably widened, the draw is supported, and the Asian handicap and the hemisphere are omitted. High, there is a change in the BWIN difference in the difference value, it is recommended to prevent a draw, and check 31; 7. Bologna VS Udinese From the current data analysis of the whole system, Bologna is expected to win at home, the calculation results of the Kelly index and the Kaibi value In the data, each data is slightly optimistic about the home team, while the Betfair Kaibi value corresponds to the THREE WAY Kaibi value data, but it is not optimistic that the home team will win, the weight value data, the smallest market disagreement item is the main winning item, and the point difference is reasonably widened, which can support the balance. Half-handicap, at this time the Asian handicap is a tie, so we are optimistic about the home team's first line, and recommend a single bet 3; let us enter the analysis of some La Liga matches: Sina Sports News Click to view Kelly's data 1. Inter Milan VS Lecce from the current data from the full From the analysis of the situation, the home field advantage is very obvious, and Inter Milan has a great chance of winning. First of all, in the calculation results of Kaizhi and the Kaibi data, all the data tend to be Inter Milan, and the difference is widened. The THREE WAY Kaibi value corresponds to the draw value, there is a false warping effect, and there is a need to prevent the draw, but the weight value data, the smallest market divergence item is the main winning item, the point difference is ideal, and it supports to let more than two balls and a half bets, while the actual The set is Qiuban/Two-goal handicap, and the difference value is a combination of all 0 values, supporting Inter Milan to win the game, it is recommended to choose 3; 2. Siena VS Sampdoria From the current analysis of the whole system, the home team The advantage is not obvious, but the data of the visiting team is also relatively average. In the calculation result of Kaizhi and the Kaibi data, there is no difference between the data of each team. Betfair Kaibi and THREE WAY Kaibi data corresponding to maintain not optimistic about the main win, the weight Value data, there is basically no point difference, the uniform data system, the Asian game is tied, so that the whole game cannot give up the main victory, it is recommended to check 310; 3. Genoa VS Rome From the current analysis of the entire system, Rome is unbeaten away from home It is more obvious that the calculation results and the kebi value data of Kai refer to the visiting team, but the Betfair Kaibi value corresponds to the THREE WAY Kaibi value and is not optimistic about the Roma guest win. The draw value is positive, and the draw is worthy of attention. The difference item is the customer win item, and the difference is reasonably widened, which can make the hemisphere or the flat half, which is slightly different from the restoration value data. The restoration value data can directly support the hemisphere disk. In the Bo win situation, it is recommended that Boroma win, and choose 0; 4. Regina VS AC Milan From the current data analysis of the whole system, AC Milan's data in this game supports its continued recovery, and it is very sure to get a point. , Kai refers to the calculation results and Kai ratio data, each data tends to the visiting team, but from the Betfair Kai ratio and THREE WAY Kai ratio data corresponding to the big vertical do not optimistic about the guest wins, in fact, TOTO low loss does not support the AC away team, the weight Value data, the least divergent item in the market is the customer win item, which can still support the customer handicap half a game, and the Asian handicap at this time is a handicap handicap. When it is unrealistic to open high, there are also changes in Ladbrokes in the difference value. It is recommended to prevent the draw and check 10; 5. Chievo VS Turin From the current analysis of the whole system, the results of Turin this year should be honest. Many people are surprised, but Turin's ability to make cold in this game is limited. First of all, Kai refers to the calculation results and Kaibi value data. The data of each team is inclined to the home team. It is optimistic that Chievo is unbeaten at home, the difference is not fully widened, and the draw is the focus Played items, weight value data, the smallest difference in the market is the main winning item, the point difference is not fully opened, it can support the flat half, it is recommended to check 31 in this game; 6. Naples VS Basiemo is based on the current data. In terms of situation analysis, the unbeaten pattern of the home team, the calculation results of the Kelly index and the Kaibi value data, each data tends to the home team, Naples can be optimistic about the undefeated, the difference between the Kaibi value of Betfair and the Kaibi value of THREE WAY is a draw, and the weight value data , the smallest difference item in the market is the main winning item, the point difference is reasonably widened, the flat half handicap is supported, the Asian handicap hemisphere handicap is slightly higher, there is a change in the BWIN difference in the difference value, it is recommended to prevent the draw, check 31; 7. Bologna VS Uruguay From the analysis of the current situation of the whole department, Bologna is expected to win at home. In the calculation results of the Kelly index and the kebi data, various data are more optimistic about the home team. Not optimistic about the home team winning, the weight value data, the smallest difference in the market is the main winning item, and the points difference is reasonably widened, which can support the tie half handicap. At this time, the Asian handicap is a tie hand, and the home team is optimistic about the first line, and it is recommended to bet 3; the following; Let's enter the analysis of some La Liga matches: