Wesbury: Cash-for-clunkers aren't working much Although the cash-for-clunker program introduced by the U.S. government has boosted car sales, it only diverts the time to buy a car, and the final result is not satisfactory. The following is a summary of the article: US auto sales surged 16% in July and may rise again in August. Much of the increase in car sales stems from the federal government's "Cash for Clunkers" program. Under the plan, the federal government will give car buyers up to $4,500 in subsidies if owners replace older, less efficient vehicles with newer ones that are more fuel-efficient. With the increase in sales, it's not hard to see why so many people love the program. Everyone who owns an old car and plans to buy a new one in the next two years is delighted by the government offering a car subsidy because they will replace it anyway; car dealers are rejoicing in sales figures; and automakers and their workers are satisfied with production Growth to maintain or even replenish inventories. But the problem is that almost all retail growth is simply shifting car buying time. Some car buyers who were considering buying a car in May and June decided to delay their purchases so they could get government subsidies. In addition, some sales that would have been spread out over the remainder of the year and 2010 materialized ahead of schedule. Meanwhile, other workers and businesses who make a living maintaining and repairing old cars are suffering. Auto repair shops are losing customers because of "cash for clunkers" programs. The fundamental problem with the plan is that it uses the "broken windows theory" of economic activity, which holds that a broken window by a child will inevitably lead to replacement of the glass, which will make the glass installers and glass producers people to start work, thereby promoting social employment). Everyone who lives in a hurricane zone knows that people are usually very busy after a storm. Roofs need to be replaced, and damaged things like vegetation, power lines, boats, etc. need to be repaired overtime. All of these activities are included in the gross domestic product. But everyone also knows that storms are a bad thing. Everyone is very busy, but they are just busy replacing existing things without really improving their standard of living. Of course, the auto industry is busier now. But every dollar spent has to be paid for by raising taxes in other sectors of the economy or reducing spending on other businesses. Ironically, with or without government help, the auto industry will recover within the next two years. Sales of cars and trucks have been sluggish in the first half of the year, a situation that is unsustainable. Now, as the economy rebounds, we're guessing the unemployment rate will come back from its highs and auto sales will start to pick up. Once the "cash for clunkers" law expires, car sales will temporarily decline slightly, but will start to rise sharply later in the year, even without government help. (Xingya)