It’s not only sensuality that is dangerous for R-rated movies to set off again Don't talk about your heart, and entrust your life to sex. But whether it's talking to her or masturbating, there will be a bottom line: romance can't be seen from the bottom of the heart, or you will be unable to stop, and you can't be heart-to-heart, or you will be wiped out. Nandu Entertainment Weekly Editor/Yang Wenwenchu and Nandu Weekly Electronic Edition Southern Metropolis Weekly blog But life is never a simple one-size-fits-all, always cut and cluttered, so let's find a 24-hour convenience store in the movie that is easy, safe, and ask for anything! We list the latest four erotic movies that are closely related to both body and emotion. Among them are the battle of the stomach and the intestines, and the spiritual civilization construction that rises from the lust to the heart. Cross talk jokes, of course, are definitely indispensable in the end, the ambush (), erotic traps, black sexiness and vertigo... These things are all condensed small theaters, what you can't see is daily life, you can see Seeing a step you never knew was startling, my friend, I have to say, it's not just sensuality that's dangerous. The first "Elegy" Director: Isabelle Cosette Starring: Penelope Cruz Ben Kingsley Patricia Clarkson "Elegy" Everything belongs to Penelope's body naked if you don't hesitate The first reason for choosing this film must be Penelope's nudity. If it's ass then it must be Penelope Cruz's, if it's breasts then it must be Almodovar's...don't get me wrong, it's not Almodovar and Penelope's flamenco, I The meaning is that although this "Elegy" is a frank and fearless yellow joke, it still belongs to the beauty and the film itself. If the truth of the gimmick is not pornographic, then it may be the stain of indecisive human nature. This is the story of the common people told in "Elegy". "Elegy" is adapted from Philip Roth's novel "The Dying Creature". It seems to be an old-fashioned incoherent love. Although sex must be anti-moral and anti-ethical in the end to make the parties and audience excited together, but now the movie More and more like AV, the more AV is made, the more like a movie, you can get popcorn-style mind or body massage on the big screen for any R-rated content you want, and the audience still cares about an old teacher and a young and beautiful female student Lace News? Therefore, on the eve of the launch of "Elegy", Penelope Cruz's nakedness has become a golden sign of climbing high. Take a look at this Spanish stunner who looks like a peony. How long has it been since your heart beat faster for her? ? If you want to not be rejected by others, the best way is to reject others first. David is a well-known cultural critic. He is also a lecturer at a university in New York. He is polite, rich, leisure and tasteful. He can flirt and play the piano. He claims that there are countless women in his life. Later, this old-fashioned playboy with a knife and a knife was attracted by the sunshine-like scorching charm of the female student Conswella. After finally hooking up the little girl, the old man began to fall into deep self-doubt and sense of crisis: he was afraid One day Conswella will leave him, and a lover younger than him will take away his classmates, so the old man who treats every woman faithfully decides to adopt Wong Kar Wai's code of conduct - if you want to not be rejected by others, it is best The only way is to reject others first, so the old man decided to take the initiative to say goodbye to this hot girl. In the era of farewell, no one can tell the reason for separation. Because of the loneliness and coldness of life, the old man often misses the well-off in the rain. Here, Aunt Qiong Yao (blog) said that the real sadness has just begun—— The classmate Xiaokang, who had not seen him for a long time, called and told the old man that the body he loved so much, the goddess-like chest that made him unable to extricate himself, was about to be removed due to cancer. The sensational music sounded at the right time, and outside the screen, people who had forgotten their love in their lives began to cry bitterly. It is the elderly who have lost the courage to possess. Unlike the most attractive gimmick used in the film's publicity - full nudity - "Elegy", just like the title, is not for young audiences, fresh flesh, carnival enthusiasm and ageing sadness, ending. Corresponding to the disease, it is a hypocritical picture that sighs at the irreversible beautiful things, while the young people have not learned to talk nonsense from time. The real waste of time is actually the old people, because they have lost their possessions The courage, if not for the disease, they would not even dare to express their condolences to the youth. "Elegy" follows the standard Hollywood literary and artistic film route, with precise positioning, emotional description in place, high quality, good quality, and the actors' performances are very good. The old drama bone Ben Kingsley and the young and beautiful Penelope Cruz stood together and showed amazing synchronicity, which is more convincing in love than Tony Leung (Ting Song) and Carina Lau (Ting Song).