Lightning swept through Los Angeles as he shuddered and beat the Lakers with 16 points. Sina Sports News Beijing November 6th, the Los Angeles Lakers faced the Toronto Raptors at home. For the five-game winning streak, the defending champions continued their streak. An unbeaten start to the season has become a must. The star player Kobe Bryant also hopes to continue his strong performance. He scored a triple-double on the field, and today's opponent is the Eastern underdog who once scored 81 points. In the second quarter, the Lakers removed Kobe and Gasol, and Odom took a bunch of substitutes to deal with the opponent. The Lakers all-around king became the core of the court, Odom flew to the basket without looking at the pass from beyond the three-point line, and Ratliff easily dunked without any defense. However, the big lead made the Lakers' substitutes not too eager to fight, and they slowly retreated and watched their opponents dunk. The Raptors' bench is not unmanned. How many teams are jealous of Calderon + Barbosa's backup backcourt equipment. Blake estimated that he would be pulled for a urine test after the game. He made his fourth three-pointer and scored 12 points. The Raptors' small role forward Sonny Weems was also red-eyed. After accelerating overtaking, he only shot to the basket, and a defensive player dunked with both hands. Zen master sent Gasol to suppress the momentum of the Raptors, and the effect of the Spaniard was immediate. First, he received a good pass from Blake and scored with a hook, and then a strong attack caused a foul of the former Rockets player David Anderson. Little Brown hit a two-point pull-up from a long distance, and the Lakers still firmly held the 11-point advantage. With 5 minutes left in the second quarter, the Lakers sent Luke Walton, who had been out for a long time, for the first time this season. Kobe gave him a lot of face and gave Walton a good opportunity not to shoot and pass the ball to Walton, but the latter failed to make a three-pointer. Gasol continued to overturn the river in the interior, and the two teams couldn't stop his fallback jumper. Kobe Bryant is a bit of a rivalry with DeRozan. If he has to give him some color, he can only foul when the Raptors are attacked by Fei Xia. Before halftime, DeRozan had 3 fouls on Kobe, which is the price of growth in the NBA. Odom flew out to sea and grabbed an offensive rebound over the opponent's three heads, but unfortunately the next two free throws were all missed. The Raptors found a breakthrough, and Barbosa made another three-pointer from the outside. But the Lakers are worthy of being the Lakers. Artest unhurriedly made a 2-pointer, Fisher made a resolute hit from the outside, and the situation is still under the control of the defending champion, but the Raptors' refusal to give up deserves respect. Another Spanish star on the field, Jose Calderon, made a steady mid-range shot, and then Gasol was blocked by his opponent. Barbosa made a three-pointer with 2.7 seconds left in the half. The Dragons overtook the score 58-55. Led by Calderon and Barbosa, the Raptors won the Lakers by 16 points in a single quarter. Kobe Bryant scored 10 points in the half, Gasol 14 points, and Laker 12 points. The Raptors' Brazilian Lightning Barbosa's 15 points was the highest in the team. This is the first time the Lakers have fallen behind at halftime in the past 5 games. As for the reason, the Raptors' excellent performance from the bench and the Lakers' own lax underestimate each account for half. (Mao Mao)