If the Rockets trade, there are only a handful of non-sale products. Why don't the Rockets use the old department Sina Sports News on November 5, Beijing time, "Houston Chronicle" columnist Jonathan Fagan answered the questions of netizens in his blog, he revealed that the Rockets are brewing some Trading plan, there are not many "not for sale" in this team. The following is a translation of the content - Q: Yao Ming's performance is good, is his playing time expected to increase? Battier's defense doesn't seem to be that good, and his offense isn't good either. Are the Rockets still considering trading some players? Fagan: In any case, the Rockets will not increase Yao Ming's time. As for the trade plan, they're definitely working on something, and in my opinion, there's not much "not for sale" on this team. Q: Is Brad Miller injured? Why didn't Adelman use him? Fagan: Coaches can't give everyone a chance to play. Miller has played badly so far, and Adelman tried to let Hill play because Hill was able to make some contributions in a limited amount of time. Q: Now, how should you evaluate the Ariza deal? Fagan: The Rockets replaced the often troubled Ariza with a more efficient bench. From a defensive point of view, Ariza's power is obviously higher than that of Martin, but Martin can score better than Ariza. The problem with the current team is that the bench lacks effective support, especially Lowry's state is very poor. This reminds me of last season, the Rockets didn't play well in the fourth quarter. The biggest difference from last season is that the team's offense has become a little better. Q: When will Dampier officially join the Rockets? How can he help the team? Fagan: There is no new news, the Rockets are still trying to vacate a lineup for him. He's a defensive player, a rebounder, and he can add a real center to the Rockets. However, judging from the current situation, the Rockets are far from lacking such an expert in the field of defense. Q: Can Jordan Hill play a power forward? In this way, he can give Scola a backup, and Miller and Dampier can be Yao's backup. Fagan: Yes, Hill is actually more comfortable at the 4. Dampier came, the Rockets may make such adjustments. Q: In the usual training, can you see who is the leader of this team? Fagan: Yao, Shane Battier and Chuck Hayes are the leaders of this team. Yao is a role model, saying that Battier is more responsible. Although Hayes is only a role player, he is widely respected by all players. Q: Is it possible to have Lee at the point guard position late in the game? His defense is important. Fagan: It's possible. However, the Rockets still rarely let him play point guard at present, and the chances of doing so at the last moment are not large. (Fat boy) Sina Sports News Beijing time November 5th news, "Houston Chronicle" columnist Jonathan - Fagan answered the questions of netizens in the blog, he revealed that the Rockets are brewing some trade plans, this team does not have How much "not for sale". The following is a translation of the content - Q: Yao Ming's performance is good, is his playing time expected to increase? Battier's defense doesn't seem to be that good, and his offense isn't good either. Are the Rockets still considering trading some players? Fagan: In any case, the Rockets will not increase Yao Ming's time. As for the trade plan, they're definitely working on something, and in my opinion, there's not much "not for sale" on this team. Q: Is Brad Miller injured? Why didn't Adelman use him? Fagan: Coaches can't give everyone a chance to play. Miller has played badly so far, and Adelman tried to let Hill play because Hill was able to make some contributions in a limited amount of time. Q: Now, how should you evaluate the Ariza deal? Fagan: The Rockets replaced the often troubled Ariza with a more efficient bench. From a defensive point of view, Ariza's power is obviously higher than that of Martin, but Martin can score better than Ariza. The problem with the current team is that the bench lacks effective support, especially Lowry's state is very poor. This reminds me of last season, the Rockets didn't play well in the fourth quarter. The biggest difference from last season is that the team's offense has become a little better. Q: When will Dampier officially join the Rockets? How can he help the team? Fagan: There is no new news, the Rockets are still trying to vacate a lineup for him. He's a defensive player, a rebounder, and he can add a real center to the Rockets. However, judging from the current situation, the Rockets are far from lacking such an expert in the field of defense. Q: Can Jordan Hill play a power forward? In this way, he can give Scola a backup, and Miller and Dampier can be Yao's backup. Fagan: Yes, Hill is actually more comfortable at the 4. Dampier came, the Rockets may make such adjustments. Q: In the usual training, can you see who is the leader of this team? Fagan: Yao, Shane Battier and Chuck Hayes are the leaders of this team. Yao is a role model, saying that Battier is more responsible. Although Hayes is only a role player, he is widely respected by all players. Q: Is it possible to have Lee at the point guard position late in the game? His defense is important. Fagan: It's possible. However, the Rockets still rarely let him play point guard at present, and the chances of doing so at the last minute are not large. (fat boy)