Time Magazine Cover Article: The Real War in Afghanistan This issue of Time Magazine's cover article features the latest news photos from photojournalist Adam Ferguson, who has traveled to Afghanistan to conduct interviews with U.S. troops. The article believes that these picture news can not help but let people know the truth of the war, but also let people make the final determination on the future of this war. The war in Afghanistan is now at a crossroads. President Obama will soon have to make a decision on whether to continue sending more U.S. troops to the area. The war is almost on the verge of becoming the longest military campaign in American history. It's been eight years since the war in Afghanistan, but most of the time it's just a conflict that people don't fully understand. First, the rapid fall of the Taliban regime made Afghans seem to feel that their existing problems were largely resolved. The woes of the Iraq war have since attracted more attention. But the Afghan problem began to resurface, and the remnants of the Taliban made a comeback. Afghanistan is now a military and political problem for the United States. Whether it is betting on a dilemma with national interests, or a conflict that Americans can only grieve and cannot win. The magazine sent photojournalist Adam Ferguson to Afghanistan again in August. He is a reporter who regularly interviews U.S. infantry soldiers stationed in Afghanistan and records the real life of the U.S. military in Afghanistan from a news perspective. The object of his interview is a 102-person U.S. Army task force. The force arrived in Afghanistan a month earlier than Ferguson and established a combat base near a valley not far from Kabul where the Taliban are active. When Ferguson got there, the force, which had been there for seven weeks, had wounded 26 soldiers and one had been killed. The weapon that caused such casualties was nothing more than a deadly improvised explosive device buried everywhere. To truly report on soldiers’ lives on the ground, journalists’ photo journalism must paint a broader picture of what soldiers experience, from physical pain, mental grief and anxiety, to loneliness, mischief and sheer boredom. These pictures seek to find the balance of extreme danger in a war zone, raw violence and isolation from family, and the temporary life situation of young soldiers who live their lives with the appearance of normalcy. There's bound to be bloodshed, but there's also joking noise and video games. Ever since British photojournalist Roger Fenton recorded the Crimean War with a camera in 1855, humans have been using cameras to aim at the battlefield. Years later, some have used cameras to document the unprecedented battlefield deaths and devastation of ordinary people in the American Civil War. For most people today, 20th-century warfare is remembered as a library of news images from the D-Day landings, the Korean War, and the Vietnam War. These photos not only document the scenes of the war, but also allow outsiders to understand how people feel about the war. Numerous debates about how to shape U.S. action in Afghanistan will continue to emerge, but photojournalism must have its place in these debates, as they present the facts of events with their own unique message. (East Anhui)