Experts talk: What can I recommend to my students to study abroad. They like Hai Yan's novels and appreciate his character. Hai Yan is a strange man. He has only a fourth-grade education in elementary school, but he has become a senior economist, a famous writer, and an adjunct professor at a key university. He has authored novels such as "Plainclothes Police", "A Lovely Affair", "Never Rest Your Eyes", "Your Life Is So Amorous", "Jade Goddess of Mercy", "What Can I Do to Save You, My Lover", etc. It was mainly adapted into a TV series by himself, and it also created a peak in ratings. He is the vice president of Shanghai Jin Jiang (Group) Co., Ltd., the general manager of Jin Jiang (Group) North Company (who is in charge of more than ten star-rated hotels), and the chairman of the five-star Beijing Kunlun Hotel. At the same time, he is also the vice president of China Tourism Association, the president of China Tourism Hotel Association, and the vice president of China State-owned Assets Young Presidents Association. I really doubt that if so many things and things are gathered in one person, it may be that God takes care of him a little too much, but in any case, he is a senior I admire very much. Among his works, I especially love "Jade Guanyin" and "What Can I Do to Save You, My Love". Every time Haiyan releases a new work, I will buy it back immediately, and then drink a cup of fragrant tea and read it at night. After a ruthless K, I added another point to his admiration. In fact, I do study abroad consulting, and I can't experience the thrilling stories of his works, but our work is also crucial for students, and it will play a key role in their future study and life, but studying abroad Consultation can not be said to save, but to answer some questions to the student, analyze his actual situation and a suitable study plan. Many students do not know much about going abroad. They also try to understand all aspects of it through various channels and the Internet. Many people think that it is always good to go and ask more questions, but they ask too many questions. , each company has its own statement, and I can't completely believe or deny the words of any intermediary. What can I do? In fact, many intermediary agents will not tell you all the details before confirming that you will sign a contract. After all, this is not a charity organization, and it is not obliged to answer all your questions for you. Therefore, choose a reliable, professional and dedicated agency. The intermediary is more real and useful than what you get from ten or eight intermediaries. There are always contradictions in the world, and contradictions are everywhere. When the student and the advisor are together, conflicts arise. The student must want to enter the best major in the best university. At this time, the advisor needs to first understand all the situation of the student, including whether there is a degree, professional orientation, and professional course grades. , language scores, work experience, etc., and analyze the feasibility of the operation. Under normal circumstances, students' expectations are always higher than the actual goals that can be achieved. Contradictions have already appeared. The best solution is to choose a school that is unanimously recognized. What can I recommend to you, my student? As a consultant with many years of study abroad consulting experience, various factors must be considered. The admission requirements of the school, the previous experience of applying for the school, and the school's preference are all very important. If it is just for making money, it will ruin the child. , this is not what we are after; but if the requirements are too high, students will be disappointed in the end. Although the fee is refunded, the time can never be refunded again, and the intermediary also spends a lot of fees and energy, but it does not return any benefits. The recommended schools should not only satisfy the students, but also have a greater certainty. It is the key to resolving conflicts that we have been pursuing. You must have a clear understanding of yourself, choose a qualified agency, bring all the materials, consult with the consultant, discuss it, and you can hand it over to them if you are at ease. The intermediary that is not "unsuccessful refund of the full fee" in the book is best to reconsider, because it may not be sure of the recommended school itself. Finally, I sincerely wish all students who have dreams of studying abroad a good home.