Krugman: Goldman Sachs rejoices in the United States Good news for the company and its employees, but bad news for America. The following is the full text of the article: The US economy is still in dire straits, with one in six people unemployed or underemployed. Goldman, however, just posted a record quarterly profit and is preparing to hand out huge bonuses to employees. What does the above stark contrast tell us? First, it tells us that Goldman's own business is doing very well. Unfortunately, what Goldman Sachs has done is not in America's favor. Second, it shows that Wall Street's bad habits -- most importantly, the compensation system that partly fueled the financial crisis -- aren't going away. Third, it shows that rescuing the financial system without reforms does not help prevent new crises, and in fact makes them more likely. Let's start by looking at how Goldman Sachs makes money. Over the past few decades, starting with the deregulation of banks during the Reagan era, the U.S. economy has been "financialized" and the importance of the financial sector has soared. The financial sector, officially dubbed "securities, commodity contracts and investments," grew particularly rapidly, rising from 0.3 percent of GDP in the late 1970s to 1.7 percent in 2007. If financialization truly lives up to its promise that financial institutions make money by allocating capital efficiently and reduce risk by innovating, then the rapid growth of the financial industry is a good thing. What we do know, however, is that financial corporations are channeling a lot of money into the housing market, building vacant homes and shopping malls that no one cares about. Financial firms increase risk rather than reduce it, and concentrate risk rather than diversify it. Goldman's role in the financialization of the U.S. economy is similar to that of other financial institutions, with one exception: Goldman Sachs doesn't believe its advertising claims. Other banks invest heavily in the same toxic waste they sell to the public. And Goldman Sachs made a lot of money selling subprime mortgage-backed securities, and then made even more money by shorting mortgage-backed securities. All of these actions are perfectly legal, but the practical result is that Goldman's profits come at the cost of the rest of us. Wall Street has good reason to continue this game. Goldman Sachs' big bonus soon to show that the financial industry is still operating under an "I win or you lose" system. If you're a banker, you can make huge short-term profits, and you'll be well-rewarded; if those profits end up in the middle of the moon, you don't have to pay back what you get. That said, you have good reason to lead investors to take risks they don't understand. Events over the past year have distorted incentives even further, trapping taxpayers as well as investors if companies fail. I won't try to decipher how much Goldman Sachs has benefited directly from the recent government bailout of the financial sector, particularly the government's take on AIG's liabilities. It is clear that Wall Street, including Goldman Sachs, has generally benefited greatly from the government's rescue package. You could argue that such a rescue is necessary if we want to avoid a repeat of the Great Depression. I agree with this statement. But as a result, the liabilities of the financial system are now backed by implicit government guarantees. In the 1930s, the United States established a federal deposit insurance system, but this was accompanied by stricter regulation to ensure that banks did not abuse their privileges. This time around, new regulations are still being drafted, and the financial industry is already lobbying for even the most basic consumer protections. If these lobbying efforts are successful, we will face even worse financial disaster in a few years time. The next crisis could be similar to the 1980s, when deregulated banks gambled and even stole taxpayer money in some cases. All in all, Goldman's strong quarterly earnings are good news for Goldman Sachs and its employees; good news for financial industry "stars" whose salaries will quickly return to pre-crisis levels; It's bad news. (Xingya)