Liquid funds need to be properly guided to enter commercial real estate (picture) Shuipi: The way out is clear, trust funds solve real estate, especially the capital problem of commercial real estate investment, I will add that ripening is unconscious, and it is possible to promote heat Yes, the urging of commercial real estate is an involuntary reaction of the policy. Since the beginning of this year, the growth rate of commercial real estate is seven times that of residential real estate. It makes sense for you to feel that commercial real estate is hot. This trend has been happening since the beginning of the year. Relationship. From an investment perspective, funds always flow to value depressions. There are two buildings in Tianjin Wanda Plaza. The residential buildings were sold out at the beginning of this year. The open price was less than 10,000 yuan. I asked how much the residential buildings cost. The residential buildings were 13,000 yuan. The main reason is that it has a certain relationship with the residential market that has become a retail investment market. A large amount of private capital, especially the funds of ordinary residents, is simply retail funds. The first choice for entering the market is not commercial real estate, but the residential market, because he is familiar with residential buildings. I understand that in addition, the amount of funds is limited, so I will choose the residential market. Compared with three households to speculate in stocks, choose the cheapest one first. If you buy too much, after Dalai's investment funds come in, the price must be out of control. If the housing market is to be relatively stable, the housing market must return to its consumption attributes and the attributes of living materials. It is not a means of production, and housing is not for making money. It must be mainly for consumption and living, and it is for people. This must be clear. But unfortunately, because of the dual attributes of real estate, our government does not recognize it clearly, and does not recognize the characteristics of an investment product. The macro-control started in 2004 actually entered a state of self-contradiction, and all the policies eventually led to higher housing prices because of the lack of attention to some characteristics of investment attributes. Why don't you pay attention to the characteristics of investment attributes? You must have failed in the regulation of real estate. Let me tell you a truth. There is a "twenty-eight" phenomenon in any phenomenon. 20% of people hold 80% of the wealth, which is beyond Wealth for the basic needs of food, clothing, housing and transportation, in other words, the liquidity of these wealth is quite powerful, and it is also a beast. When this part of the capital enters the residential field, it is impossible for the residential field to not appear bubbles. This is a problem that cannot be solved. To make the housing market relatively stable, we cannot let the 80% of the funds, especially the 80% of the funds held by the 20% of the people, enter this market to impact the market cultivated by the 80% of the people who have a little 20 special funds. , the residential market is unable to withstand 80% of the capital shock. To solve this problem, relatively speaking, my suggestion is not necessarily correct. I have been calling for legislation to prohibit real estate speculation. We can discuss how many sets each family has. I think 3 sets are one line, and maybe those here think that 5 can be , 10 can also be, no problem, for example, the Sanya city government issued a restriction order to 5 sets, I don’t know whether it is a restriction or an encouragement, I feel humiliated when I see 5 sets, because I can’t afford 5 sets. In the same way, you can also have 10 houses. For example, a family is only allowed to own 10 houses. This is also fine. After the line is drawn, we will follow the rules. This is a kind of institutional arrangement. Let the residential market return to residential attributes. I have written nine articles, and I will write more. The purchase restriction order is different from what some of my friends know. I think it is the right direction. The property tax ratio is collected. I think the purchase restriction order is a precise blow, and the property tax is a business and Innocent policy, I haven't heard of anyone who wants to increase taxes. Of course, the local government is willing to increase taxes. If it really wants to be implemented at the implementation level, I told the ministers and deputy ministers of government departments two days ago, I said how to pay for your house. Tax, the price is 6,000 yuan per square meter, and the price on the side is 36,000 yuan. You have to pay 40,000 yuan a year. I said that unless you embezzle and take bribes, you can only pay the property tax if you embezzle and take bribes. Who says civil servants can be exempted from property tax? Civil servants can be exempted, and 80% of the Chinese people can be exempted. During the implementation of property tax, you will find a series of problems. If you want to implement it, it will hurt innocent people. Real estate speculators have a fever and people all over the country take medicine. What is the logic? You have the ability to target investors. Since you realize this goal, you should find a way to clear it out and squeeze investment and speculation out of the housing market. is to be done. My recent article "What is the weakness of the purchase restriction order" is completely expedient. It has two characteristics, one is temporary, and the other is regional, the so-called hotspots. As a result, the current purchase restriction order is useless, no matter how much the NDRC calls it, Legal risks, home buyers don’t think so. You are talking about temporary, three months is temporary, six months is temporary, I buy a house For a group of people, buying a house is a long-term behavior, and they don’t care about you for six months. Wenzhou heard that it is six months. It is completely flirting with the central government, and it is not serious. Are you encouraging or restricting, that is, you can't buy a house for six months, or you can't transfer the property after you buy it, and you can transfer the property in the seventh month. There are now 14 purchase restriction orders, which are basically first-tier cities. There are purchase restrictions in first-tier cities, but no purchase restrictions in second- and third-tier cities. This is equivalent to encouraging a surge in second- and third-tier cities. Instead of squeezing funds out of this market, it guides you to hype value depressions , so I don't understand whether to encourage or restrict. From the perspective of market participants, this is entirely because the government is guiding our investment behavior and encouraging us to speculate on real estate. Don't speculate in the first-tier cities. The second-tier cities have not risen yet. Quickly speculate in the second-tier cities, and also the third-tier cities. One round of speculation has made the entire bubble bigger. There is understanding, but due to the lack of implementation, or the idea of not being implemented in place at all, the purchase restriction order has come back to encourage change-of-direction speculation. If we want to implement legislation to prohibit real estate speculation, and actually implement a one-size-fits-all purchase restriction order, it is the same everywhere in the country, and temporary measures become long-term. I think the government can breathe a sigh of relief after enacting the ban on real estate speculation. You can ignore housing prices, because most investment funds and speculative funds are excluded from the market. If housing prices continue to rise, it is driven by rigid demand and real demand. way, you build a house. What fertile fields can't move is nonsense. Housing prices are something the government can’t manage and shouldn’t manage. Your government mainly creates a relatively fair, just and open environment for the market, so that each of us Chinese has a relatively fair right to live. As for whether I buy or rent You don't have to worry, you can't tell if the price is high or low. The person who lives in Zhongnanhai has never bought a house. He doesn't know what is high and what is low. You say 30,003 is high or low. If it is high, then it will definitely be higher than this in two or three years. You are lower, maybe a little lower than the surrounding houses. In addition, they also mentioned commercial real estate just now. It should be a direction that the government encourages everyone to invest in. Instead of letting you go to second- and third-tier cities to speculate in the residential market, it should close one door and open another door. Why are there commercial real estate and The distinction between the residential market, commercial real estate is for everyone to invest in, of course the cost will be relatively high, the problem is that the funds for your investment now do not go into it, because you have a 70-year property right on your side, in other words, you are encouraged to change direction Hype the residential market, you are suppressing commercial real estate, this may be unexpected when the policy is divided, but we are seeing more such problems now, and the upside down of commercial and residential properties means that your policies must be poor and cause problems. Legislation prohibits real estate speculation, and if the purchase restriction order is one-size-fits-all, in the future, funds will be further pushed to commercial real estate. If the land must be real estate, commercial real estate will open the door to you. At least there are no restrictions. But there is also a problem with commercial real estate, that is, the brand is very important, and there is indeed a phenomenon of rushing to it. It is recommended that when you do commercial real estate, the choice of brand developers is particularly important. Because business is like this, investment is all risky. Some people only tell you that one shop raises three generations, but buying a bad one, one shop covers three generations, is the same as making a stock, so the prospects of the region are important, but the developer's Brand, maturity, sense of responsibility, and the ability to continue operating are also very important. Not all commercial real estate can be bought. Moderator: Now the state is encouraging investment in commercial real estate, but there have always been problems. We think the most important two points are the rate of return. Now the unit price is relatively high, and the rate of return has dropped to 3%, 4%, and Pan Shiyi. In the appeal, to run an office building, to open a company, the taxes and fees are relatively high. There are many elites here. Please look at it from your own perspective. What problems and policies need to be improved in the current commercial real estate? Xu Dajin: I once wrote an article on the policy, and it also specifically commented on the idea of levying property tax. It was discussed for a long time. Some people said that the residential area involved too much. , you will receive it. The original idea was to start a commercial real estate levy. In fact, I strongly agree that everyone must think clearly about the purpose of levying various taxes. The purpose of your tax collection is to regulate, and the purpose of regulation is to allow the market to compare in an orderly manner. We now find that after the introduction of the control policy, instead of solving the original problem, many new problems have emerged. This is what we need to guide in terms of policy. Whether it is taxation, property tax or property tax, including other measures to curb real estate speculation, I think in the final analysis, what is the most fundamental cause of the current situation, whether it is blocking or sparse . I think the most critical issue now is that countries do not realize where private capital flows. This is the most critical issue. If you don't solve the problem of flow, you have suppressed housing prices, and there is no way to solve it. Regarding the commercial real estate we are talking about today, it is a good thing that we cannot invest residential capital into commercial real estate. If we follow this line of thinking, commercial real estate will become a mess in a few years. After everyone has invested, due to the increase in taxes, your investment will also be Risk, policy is really not clear. In the final analysis, in the case of our country’s strength, how to develop our financial industry, organize our private hot money in the form of funds and trusts, and develop it into the industries we need to invest in? This is the most important thing. The fundamental problem, this problem is not solved, we are talking about commercial real estate here, and it is meaningless to talk about real estate control. The second question, regarding all tax policies and other policies, must have an objective judgment before the introduction, that is, which industries are encouraged by our policies and which industries are not encouraged. We do not distinguish all houses. If it is purely residential products, I think the taste of your control may be meaningful, which is in line with the wishes of most people. If we are a commercial property, it is to boost our recent development. The shopping malls and supermarkets I run are meant to be civilian facilities. They all provide services to the common people. Should you limit or encourage this? How to benefit our common people in the process of urbanization is not just how much money we have, but how convenient our life is and how we can find a way out for investment. This is the goal of the future development of a harmonious society. Therefore, we must make distinctions when formulating policies. Third, in the process of economic development, the pressure is very high. I don’t think the current economic environment is very good, because the environment we are facing is very poor. One is that the impact of the economic crisis is not over yet, and the other is the pressure of the RMB on the outside world. Well, it is obvious to all. In addition, foreign countries are severely suppressed in all aspects. Under such circumstances, the real development of our country is not simply a matter of how to suppress real estate, but we comprehensively coordinate and make industrial policies better. The Academy of Social Sciences approached me to talk about the planning of commercial real estate. I said that commercial real estate must formulate an independent industrial policy and separate it from real estate. I encountered such a problem when I was doing Xidan Joy City (forum album apartment model room review map search) (forum album apartment model room review map search), we just finished talking with the Irish Wealth Fund, and the country came to an exception Ling, he did not make it clear in which field the restriction on foreign investment in real estate was invested in. He actually wanted to make a good house, but if they mixed it up, the project was stranded. In fact, there is no real encouragement, and there is no suppression that should be suppressed. The final result is like this. In the 12th Five-Year Plan, I suggested to the proposition group that commercial real estate must be done independently. This has an international precedent. It will boost economic development and bring convenience to the people. , each aspect is individually defined. In addition, we must have a good plan for the development of our existing industries, not disorderly planning. I think some places should really not build commercial properties. Come, there may be 300,000 people living here, so I will match a commercial package of 50,000 square meters. In fact, some areas are very far away, and you really cannot afford to have a commercial package. Industrial planning still requires rational analysis, not blindly. The Pearl River project we are talking about today, why such a large shopping center is built, is from the time when the government planned. Director Wang may have known a few years ago that there are four large mall plans in Beijing, and this is the only one that has been formed at present. Where did the next few go? We all know why this one became and those did not, because this can be formed, and there is an industrial park over there, including the rapid development here. There are objective laws for the production of any thing, and we must act according to objective laws when planning our industry. In addition, in terms of capital and credit, as our industry develops, we must have reasonable preparations for commercial real estate, whether it is trust funds, this is the way out. If we do not solve the capital problem, it is not good for commercial real estate development to rely only on retail investment. We have also studied many cases, and we have also summarized a lot, such as internationally, who is the largest commercial property holder? Best, the largest one in our country is Wanda. The real commercial property holders are actually capital groups, including funds, including some of our large institutional investors, such as insurance funds, including securities funds. This should be The strongest supporter of commercial properties. We have also seen that many commercial properties in China have been taken by foreign funds, but why can't we gather a large amount of hot money from the private sector to develop our commercial properties, but instead give up commercial properties with good value-added potential in the future to What about foreign capital? Therefore, commercial properties are in line with industrial development in the future. The tertiary industry will account for a large proportion of China's economy in the future. Therefore, the future development prospects of commercial properties are very good. Under the existing conditions, if you invest in commercial properties, you must choose a good location. There will be good returns. I would like to comment on property navigation: