CITIC New Town debuted in Yizhuang in May to drive the revival of the regional property market (Photos) Time: December 2, 2010 Venue: Sina Leju Guest Chat Room Moderator: Zhou Yun Guest: Liang Lihong, Deputy Manager of Marketing Management Department of CITIC Real Estate, Senior Planning Manager of CITIC Real Estate Shu Chang The following is the live record of this interview: Moderator: Dear netizens of Sina Leju, hello everyone! First of all, I would like to thank all netizens for paying attention to our recent year-end new project opening trends. Today, we are also very fortunate to invite the two leaders of Yizhuang's next year's project, Liang Lihong, Deputy General Manager of the Marketing Management Department of CITIC Real Estate, and Mr. Liang. And Shu Chang, senior planning manager of CITIC Real Estate, Mr. Shu. First of all, please say hello to the netizens! Pictured: Shu Chang, Senior Planning Manager of CITIC Real Estate: Hello, all Sina netizens! I am very happy to come here today to talk to you about our CITIC Metro (forum, album, model room, review and map search)! Liang Lihong: Sina netizens, hello everyone! Moderator: Today, the two of you are actually very rare. We all know that the impression of the region in 2010 is more about the new city concept. Whether it is the construction of the CSD proposed in the 12th Five-Year Plan, or the development of the entire Tongzhou, in fact, both It led everyone's attention to the fifth ring or even the sixth ring. One of the sectors is very special, that is, the Yizhuang Economic and Technological Development Zone has also introduced the presence of the world's top 500. Now it seems that this area has become a pillar of Beijing's economic industry. Now everyone is talking about a topic. It should be said that the initial climax of Beijing's real estate started with the drive of housing prices in Yizhuang. If you are very clear about the history of the market, this is a step that cannot be ignored. Now the construction of Daxing New Town is inseparable from the development of Yizhuang. If you focus on Yizhuang again, you have to pay attention to the dynamics of our CITIC New Town next year. . As CITIC Real Estate, we would like to know from a brand perspective why we chose to acquire land in this area in the first place when CITIC Real Estate got this land? What kind of land value does Yizhuang seem to have in CITIC Real Estate? What do we expect from the future of land? Shu Chang: If we talk about this issue, I think we can talk about it from two major perspectives. The first is from the perspective of Beijing's urbanization process. You can see that from 2004 to 2006, one by one, two-axis, two-belt, multi-center construction was proposed. Among them, three key new towns were mentioned, one is Tongzhou New Town, one is Yizhuang New Town, and the other is Shunyi New Town. It can be said that it is a trend to expand eastward and southward in the development of the entire Beijing University project. Under such a trend, the government may build a new city. The top priority of this new city construction is our three areas. But these three areas have their own differences in terms of their overall history and future development potential. Let's look at Tongzhou New Town first. In fact, Tongzhou has always been a gateway to the east of Beijing in history, and it has a relatively long history. However, its new city construction has been limited to a certain extent, because it has an old city. For all new towns, the old town remains unchanged in the whole development process of Tongzhou. There will be some new constructions along the subway. However, due to the influence of the old town, the overall planning has some ideas. At the beginning It was not particularly clear at the time. Maybe in 2008 and 2009, there was a plan for Tongzhou New City. We can see that it was also a plan under the positioning of Beijing as a world city. However, such a good plan is more concentrated in the canal area. If you look at the entire Tongzhou area, its overall quality does not maintain a very high level. This is a status quo of Tongzhou, and it may also be encountered in the development. to a question. Because there are old and new, and how to combine the old and the new, this is the problem encountered in the development of Tongzhou New Town. Let's look at Yizhuang New Town again. When Yizhuang New Town was around 2000, we said that Yizhuang was the only economic and technological center in our country. At present, 68 of the world's top 500 companies are stationed there. The overall starting point of Yizhuang is relatively high, and the greening rate is also very high. At the same time, it has a low-density design, and there are many parks here. It can be said that Yizhuang can see a park three to five hundred meters in the morning. The whole plan inside is very advanced. Including its early development, although the development quality is also different, the overall quality of the overall low-density living environment and excellent living conditions is relatively high. Let's turn around and look at Shunyi New Town. Shunyi New Town relies more on the airport to develop its new town. The environment of Shunyi is also relatively good, but the core of Shunyi New Town lies in the airport, and its distance from the city is still a certain distance from Tongzhou and Yizhuang. We believe that according to the current development speed, Yizhuang has developed a stage, and now we call it the revival of Yizhuang. The only new city approved in Beijing may be Tongzhou New City. Overall, I personally think that Tongzhou and Yizhuang are better than Shunyi in terms of future development potential and development space. However, compared with Tongzhou and Yizhuang, the development of Yizhuang The potential will be greater. This is also our basic understanding of the three key areas for the overall future development of Beijing. You can also see this year, especially in the real estate market, one is Fangshan District and the other is Daxing District. Especially this year, there is an explosive growth. In fact, this is also a very typical situation in the development process of Beijing, because it The development brought about by the construction of rail transit and highway transportation. But this part of the development we call the development of rigid needs. But we see that Tongzhou and Yizhuang are more in need of upgrading and expansion. This is our basic understanding of the three areas. Moderator: Thank you very much Manager Shu for your talk. In fact, the brand of CITIC Metro appeared as a responsible market, which may have raised CITIC to the height of a real estate, and it has also been recognized by buyers. I don't know what is the relationship between CITIC New Town and CITIC City (forum, photo album, apartment type model, comment and map search). CITIC Real Estate is a big brand developer. I don't know what advantageous resources it has during the entire project's debut. Liang Lihong: First of all, we can see the relationship between the two projects from the name. They are both a large market and the operation of the entire regional project from the perspective of us as a city operator and developer. They are all areas with over one million yuan. Big market. This is the whole volume. From the perspective of our CITIC Real Estate products, CITIC City has established a brand in the entire real estate industry. CITIC Metro is an improvement of our products, from planning, products, the whole package, and our pursuit of the concept of living is an improvement of our products. Let's go back to the project of CITIC New City, we have given it more ideal pursuit and realization of a humanistic living environment. For example, in our first phase, we have an 80,000-square-meter living park. With this living park, our entire garden design in CITIC New City is designed according to the more comfortable concept of Yu Yiju. This park is one of the largest community supporting parks in Beijing that we have built for the owners. There are tennis courts, basketball courts, and swimming pools in this park. We also want to implement a bicycle path in our entire community, where they can have a very good experience. CITIC is also pursuing a higher realm in the entire planning. This time, we are also very meticulous in the product. From the perspective of our apartment types, they are all short, deep, and wide. In terms of angle, we have already scrutinized for the buyer what kind of space he has in the place, and we have taken these into account. This is our house type. From our entire community support and future product planning, we will improve. In the entire CITIC New Town, we will have primary schools, middle schools, and comprehensive businesses, as well as such very complete and comprehensive living facilities for our owners. In the future, we will also consider the shuttle bus for some owners to subway stations or to some large shopping plazas. These are all things we consider more for the owners. We will bring over our experience and products that we have done better in other areas, so that people living in Beijing can enjoy our results. You may have learned about CITIC Real Estate through CITIC City just now. In fact, our CITIC Real Estate is also very characteristic in the entire development process. In 2009, the sales of CITIC Real Estate exceeded 20 billion yuan, which is basically in the top 15 of the national real estate industry. If we make a statistic on these unlisted companies, because we are unlisted companies, our ranking will be higher. This is a general understanding of CITIC Real Estate. At the end of October, CITIC Real Estate held a brand new press conference in Beijing, and also formulated a future strategy and positioning of CITIC Real Estate for everyone. In the future, CITIC Real Estate will actually be the most powerful urban comprehensive development operator. It is such a positioning, announced to everyone with the concept of "helping people and creating brands". In fact, CITIC Real Estate wants to explore a value-added road for customers through the integration of internal and external resources. We summarize this road into three product series and one service platform. This platform includes residential, commercial, vacation, and also integrates multiple fields such as investment, financial management, leisure, and culture. In fact, through such a "3+1" value system, we hope to bring customers a more high-quality personal experience, and through some of our value-added services, let our customers experience a more comprehensive product value. This is our reflection on the future development of CITIC Real Estate. Why do we say that we position ourselves as a city comprehensive operation developer? Speaking of one thing, CITIC Real Estate has played a subtly leading role in the urbanization development of Beijing. In the early days of reform and opening up, the first office building was our work. In 2008, the most eye-catching moment in China, we He assumed the role of the builder of the Bird's Nest City. When Beijing was renovating the old city, we took on the concept of a CITIC City. When Beijing is defined as a world city, we are also fortunate to participate in the construction of the whole world city. We also put forward the concept of CITIC New City, which connects our most ecological areas closely. We also used the concept of foreign parks and habitats to provide you with a more comfortable project that can represent the benchmark of world cities. This is our overall thinking about the project. I would like to comment on property navigation: