Interview: U.S. visa officer interprets the essentials of obtaining a student visa >> Related video: U.S. visa officer interprets the essentials of obtaining a student visa (2) June, July and August are the most concentrated time for prospective students to study abroad. Do you have any questions about visas? What can I do to avoid refusal? Sina Abroad Channel invited Charles Chandler, a visa officer at the visa office of the US Embassy, to be a guest in the Sina guest chat room to reveal the mystery of the US visa for you. The following is the transcript of this interview. >>Click to view the exclusive interpretation of the business visa application skills by the visa officer of the US embassy. Today, I will discuss with you the issue of visas. We are honored to have two very distinguished guests. Sitting next to me is Jiang Deli, a visa officer from the visa office of the US embassy. Welcome. Sitting next to us is our old friend, Zhang Yang, Sina Millionaire, our Harvard genius. When it comes to visas, especially visas for the United States, everyone thinks it is a very difficult procedure to apply for. We also know that every June, July and August are the most difficult months for prospective students to apply for visas in the United States. In an important period, I just got a data in my hand, that is to say, the issuance rate of our US visas in 2008 reached a record high. First of all, I would like to ask Jiang Deli to introduce the specific situation. Jiang Deli: I am very happy to start our interview with this question today. Last year, our US embassy and consulates in China issued a total of more than 460,000 non-immigrant visas, 80% of which were student visas. Moderator Meng Nan: It can be said that compared with 2007, it has increased by 48%, which is a very large number. Affected by the financial crisis in 2009, there may be more and more people studying in the United States. Can you help us predict the growth trend of this visa rate? Jiang Deli: More and more student applicants are applying for visas to the United States, and 4 out of 5 applicants are approved for visas. We hope this number will continue to grow every year. Moderator Meng Nan: We know that June, July and August are the peak periods for studying abroad. When is the best time to apply for these prospective students? Jiang Deli: We recommend that students apply in advance as soon as possible, especially once they are admitted by the school, they should call the Visa Appointment Service Center as soon as possible to make an appointment as soon as possible. The most important thing is that we would like to remind the majority of student visa applicants that once you plan to apply for a student visa, the first step is to obtain a visa as soon as possible, because the visa is affixed to your passport and it is valid for a period of time. Therefore, it is hoped that student visa applicants apply as soon as possible. Moderator Meng Nan: That is to say, students must apply for your visa as soon as possible when they get the admission notice. After we posted today's preview of the interview on the Internet, many netizens asked questions. Many students reported that they received the school's admission notice, but there may be problems with the visa. Under what circumstances will the student visa be refused? Jiang Deli: I want to answer this question better, that is, I will explain to the majority of student visa applicants how they need to prepare to get a visa. We suggest that in the first step, you must explain a clear study plan to the visa officer, including why you choose this school, this major, and your future plans after graduation. In the second step, we remind students Visa applicants, if you want to continue to study in the United States after graduation, or work in the United States, these are allowed, but the important point is that you must ensure that you have a valid visa, and if you plan to work in the United States, you must Get a work permit from the U.S. Department of Homeland Security. For some student visa applicants, maybe they don't have a very clear plan at present, that is, what they plan to do after graduation, and we don't expect student visa applicants to come to us for an interview and show us a future ten years. Year's plan, but what we need to see is the student's plan for the future, especially after graduation, he has a very clear plan for the future. Some students may have some misunderstandings about what kind of proof they should show to convince the visa officer that they have enough funds to study in the United States. In fact, we do not have some clear requirements for bank deposits. For example, there must be ten There are so many claims that ten thousand RMB deposits are in your passbook, but what clarifies this today is that none of these claims are true. Another point we want to reiterate is that the student visa applicant must be able to prove to the visa officer that his family must be able to have sufficient financial strength to ensure all the expenses incurred by him to study in the United States, we are not saying that we want a visa During the interview, the applicant can show the visa officer that they have saved all the study expenses for the next few years. We just want to see that he has the financial ability to pay for some of their study expenses in the United States. Moderator Meng Nan: When it comes to property certification, this is also a question that everyone is very concerned about, that is, how much security do I need. Then the students are most worried about how long it takes me to deposit it, or whether it is in the same bank, and how much money do I need. Jiang Deli has explained it just now, this is not the most important, but to say You have to prove to the visa officer that your family has the ability to finance your tuition fees and living expenses during your stay in the United States, as long as you can prove your family's financial ability through various channels, and how much do I need, the bank In what form, whether it is a house book or a bank passbook, this is only a matter of form. That Zhang Yang is our Harvard genius. You yourself have experience studying abroad. I would like to ask if Zhang Yang has any experience of refusing a visa? Zhang Yang: I didn't, I just signed off (laughs). Moderator Meng Nan: Do you have any experience of being refused a visa among the students you usually come into contact with?