Samsung's top equipment helps Chengdu WCG World Finals 2009 "Samsung Electronics Cup" WCG Global E-Sports Finals kicked off in Chengdu on November 11. This event with a high reputation in the global e-sports field is known as "electronic Olympic", this is also the first time that the WCG Global Finals will be moved to China. At that time, e-sports masters from all over the world will gather in Chengdu for a peak match. As the official partner of the WCG event, Samsung Electronics provided all-round support including equipment, technical support, and funds for the event. The main competitive equipment used in the event, including computers, monitors and optical storage equipment, are all related to Samsung Electronics. To unleash the charm of e-sports to the limit, Samsung's outstanding position and technical strength in the IT field have become the best choice for WCG events, which is one of the reasons why Samsung Electronics and WCG have been advancing hand in hand for nine years. In the past nine years, Samsung has not only witnessed and promoted the gradual development of WCG into the world's highest-level competition, but also continuously brought users a new experience of digital life with high-quality products under the promotion of WCG. During this year's WCG event, various new products displayed by Samsung Electronics at the competition site are still a major attraction outside the competition, especially Samsung's notebook computers, which will be an innovation in this competition. It will be displayed in Carom 3D. Appeared in the finals of the game, completely subverting the concept of "if you want to play a good game, use a desktop computer". Other new Samsung products such as monitors and Bluetooth headsets will also be on stage one by one. According to statistics, the number of e-sports enthusiasts in China has reached 85 million, most of which are young people. This is determined by the characteristics of e-sports closely following the young generation's pursuit of fashion and cool experience. In order to better highlight the brand proposition of WCG's rejuvenation, Samsung Electronics also specially invited some college students from all over the country to Chengdu to serve as on-site reporters, sharing their experience at the WCG competition site with more peers from a younger perspective. and impression of Chengdu. It is also worth mentioning that in order to allow more users who love e-sports to have the opportunity to experience the excitement of the game, Samsung will set up an experience booth on the spot, and the new equipment used to support WCG events will also be open to visitors to experience. Not only that, Samsung Electronics set up a "Mini WCG" competition in the exhibition area, and the audience can experience the excitement of the competition in person while watching the exciting competition. In order to better activate the atmosphere of e-sports, Samsung Electronics also presented colorful Cosplay at the competition site. At the same time, in Chengdu Bainaohui and many IT stores, users can feast their eyes and experience the unique charm of e-sports culture together. A Samsung official said: "The spirit of 'transcendence' carried by WCG is a positive value, which coincides with the brand spirit of Samsung Electronics' pursuit of excellence and continuous innovation. Just like this year's WCG slogan 'Here Comes the Hero' 'Like the same, I believe this year's WCG will create more heroes who surpass themselves." About Samsung Electronics Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd. is a global leader in the semiconductor, telecommunications, digital media and digital convergence technology industries, with 2008 consolidated sales revenue of US$96 billion. Samsung Electronics has 179 offices in 61 countries and employs 164,600 people. The company consists of two main divisions: Digital Media and Communications and Device Solutions. Samsung Electronics is recognized as one of the fastest growing global brands, and it is a leading manufacturer of digital TVs, memory chips, mobile phones and TFT-LCDs. For more information, visit the Samsung Electronics Corporation website at www.samsung.com.