Post-College Entrance Examination Study Abroad Era: Full Guidance of Application Materials Application materials The application of foreign universities is comprehensive, involving English proficiency, high school grades, personal characteristics, hobbies and specialties, and teacher evaluations. Schools look at applicants, not a bunch of cold numbers. The teachers in charge of admissions will decide whether to accept you and whether to award a scholarship according to the situation reflected in the application materials. The preparation of application materials cannot be ignored. Required materials The application materials and application procedures for studying in the United Kingdom and the United States are different, and there are also differences between different schools and different majors, but some materials are common. The following lists the necessary materials for undergraduate study abroad applications: Personal statement (PS) The school hopes to hear the voice of each applicant, because not every school has enough funds and manpower to support one-on-one overseas applicant interviews , therefore, the personal statement becomes a precious "speaking opportunity". The personal statement should include: 1. Why I chose this school; 2. How this school will help me achieve my dreams; 3. Why this school is right for me; 4. Why I am a good candidate for this school. The school hopes to understand the applicant's background, values, and life goals, and through the writing of the personal statement to understand the applicant's ability to express, logical thinking, analytical problem-solving ability. What the school pays most attention to is comprehensive quality, which also explains the two seemingly extreme cases mentioned in the opening paragraph. Letter of Recommendation Letter of recommendation is a prerequisite for the applicant's materials to enter the review stage. No letters of recommendation will be considered by the school. Its importance is evident. Undergraduate applicants in the United States generally need to submit three letters of recommendation: two letters of recommendation from the main teachers of the school and one letter of recommendation from the head teacher or principal. Undergraduate applications in the UK and Australia generally require the submission of two recommendation letters. The school often does not specify the recommenders in detail (except for the applicant's relatives), but the premise is that the recommenders know the applicant very well and can make an objective and fair evaluation of the applicant. Now, many colleges provide recommendation forms, and recommenders can answer the questions one by one. Application form The application form is a summary of the applicant's basic information, including name, gender, age, birthday, nationality, address, mailing address, telephone, email, educational background, etc., just fill in the application form one by one Complete, to ensure that the information is accurate. Traditional application forms are divided into paper and electronic versions. In addition, more and more schools have begun to promote online applications, which saves time waiting for letters. Applicants can also check the application status online in real time. Among them, undergraduate applicants from UK universities need to apply to the UK Higher Education Admissions Office (UCAS). The UCAS application form allows students to apply for six university and college courses at one time, and some art and design courses can apply for four colleges according to their wishes. school. In theory, students can enrol in different programmes at the same university or college. Chinese and English transcripts (Official Transcript) and Diploma (Diploma) transcripts need to be processed at the Academic Affairs Office of the applicant's high school. Transcripts need to be sealed in the school's envelope and stamped with the official seal of the Academic Affairs Office. If the school only provides Chinese transcripts, the applicant needs to translate it into English and go to a notary office for impartiality. The graduation certificate also needs to provide Chinese and English versions, and a photocopy is generally required. English language proficiency refers to TOEFL, IELTS or SAED scores. The school generally requires applicants to submit original language transcripts. Among them, TOEFL candidates can apply for sending to up to 4 American or Canadian universities during the registration process. IELTS students can apply for sending up to 5 additional transcripts when filling out the application form, with no handling fee; after the application deadline, each transcript will cost RMB 60. Auxiliary materials Not all schools require applicants to provide the following materials, so they are called auxiliary materials. As part of demonstrating the potential of the applicant's ability, although the auxiliary materials cannot be "helpful in the snow" when the necessary materials are insufficiently prepared, they can be "icing on the cake" when the "essential" materials are complete. The effect cannot be underestimated. Personal Resume (CV) If the applicant has work experience, it should be rewritten accordingly. If not, write about internships, part-time jobs on and off campus, extracurricular activities, etc. Awards and Certificates Certificates, scholarships, various qualification certificates and certificates of award must be provided in both Chinese and English. These materials can reflect all aspects of the applicant's development. The preparation of materials plays a vital role in the application for studying abroad. High school students in the UK and the United States will spend a long time preparing the materials and asking people to revise them constantly. However, the English level of domestic high school graduates is often difficult to control, so it is recommended to look for their native language. Those who are English-speaking and familiar with the application for studying abroad will guide you or choose a large-scale and reputable study abroad agency to assist in the preparation.