Yao Mai has no victory and the same goal, the Pistons are mulling a deal. The Rockets are better to take a step. , facing a similar fate at this time. Although Yao Ming, who has just returned, has a lot of efficient performances, the 24-minute restriction made him far from the inside superstar of the year. Tracy McGrady experienced the change from superstar to mortal in the Pistons. Both of them are now facing injury problems, and the two teams they are in seem to have reached their respective nodes: whether to accept a big deal to tear down and rebuild, or continue to maintain a stable lineup, these will not only affect the fate of the team, but also determine Yao Ming. and Tracy's fate. The failure of the Pistons this year is predictable. They have already faced various problems last season. It’s just that several cores have been injured successively, which makes the problem more than too negative. Richard Hamilton and even Tayshaun Pugh in the new season After Lins and other old cores returned at the same time, the Pistons problem still shattered their last bit of illusion. In the final analysis, Ben Gordon and Charlie Villanueva, who were signed by the Pistons using their cap space, were the source of this disaster for the Pistons. President Joe Dumars, who posted a somersault in the free agency market, seems to be hoping to turn his fortunes around with a trade. The same situation did not appear in the Rockets, but the script was slightly changed. When Yao Ming was out last season, general manager Darryl Morey invested heavily in the free agency market and signed Trevor Ariza from the middle class. In the season that lacked the core, the Rockets' record of more than 50% won bursts of applause. It's just that this situation did not extend to this season. With Yao Ming's comeback, the Rockets suffered a 4-game losing streak, and they were only one game away from catching up with the shame of the 5-game losing streak that started 11 years ago. Such a record can still be a good illustration of the Rockets' success or failure in summer free agency and the transfer market. Replacing Ariza with Kootenay-Lee, the Rockets' biggest starting point is nothing more than saving money, which is already a move to admit defeat. Then look at Brad Miller, who was hired with an annual salary of 5 million this year, Kevin Martin, who was exchanged for Karl Landry and Tracy McGrady last season, and Luis Scola, who stayed in the team with a high salary. Kyle - Lowry, the addition of these fresh blood has not yet brought a victory for the Rockets. At this time, everyone who cares about the Rockets should be enlightened. It turns out that the reason for Morey's blatant pursuit of Chris Bosh and Carmelo Anthony this summer is so obvious: Even the top management of the Rockets do not think that the current There was a good enough lineup that they anticipated the current difficult situation. Judging from the actions of the two teams this summer, and even the current situation, big trades are inevitable. Interestingly, both teams have chased Andre Iguodala and Anthony, which has allowed the two teams to have a lot of intersections. Although there is no news that the two teams will trade directly, at least since the beginning of the Pistons. Chauncey Billups plus Prince's move to trade Tracy McGrady shows that there is actually a lot of communication between the two teams. Let's first look at the serious shortcomings of the two teams, trade goals and future directions, and then look at possible potential trades. Yesterday, several major American media broke out that the Pistons are brewing a big deal. A famous American sports magazine even revealed that the current president Dumars wants to clear the door, and Prince and Hamilton have both been put on the table. The Pistons are currently the most likely trade object is Josh Smith, after the Eagles have had huge contract renewals Joe Johnson and Al Horford, Smith has been put on the table. The Pistons and Rockets seem to need this athletic superman to make up for the lack of defense and athleticism. Judging from the current needs of the Eagles, the Rockets can send better chips, such as the expiring contracts of Jared Jeffries and defensive veteran Sean Battier, and young players such as Jordan Hill and Patrick Patterson. Inside, and a 2011 first-round pick. Among the Pistons' chips, Prince's expiring contract is quite attractive, and young people such as Austin Daye are also very valuable. That's why the Pistons have hope for Smith. But we must consider such a situation, the Pistons are not only lacking athletic superman, what they lack most is a leader, this problem is more prominent after Rodney Stuckey announced that he will not renew his contract this year. The Rockets are also facing such a problem. They did not renew Aaron Brooks in advance. How much Yao Ming can recover is still unknown. Neither team wants to take too much risk in the trade market, and they'll be somewhat hesitant because Smith has $37 million left in three years (with a trade special clause that increases his salary by 15% once a trade). In such a situation, maybe we can imagine three possible scenarios: 1. The Rockets team up with the Pistons to chase superstars - Anthony Rockets can provide potential newcomers to the Nuggets, such as Brooks and Hill, and the Pistons can provide additional resources The value and contract expired Prince, the Rockets can provide more expired contracts for the Pistons, and eat Hamilton's contract. Both teams have been involved in multiple trades for Anthony this summer, and it's not impossible for that to happen. 2. The Rockets and the Pistons are chasing Anthony, Iguodala or Smith respectively. Under such circumstances, the Rockets seem to have more initiative. Some experts have previously said that the Rockets are not for sale. Today, the red94 website is even more outspoken that Yao Ming is in The future of the Rockets is uncertain, and whether he can get a big contract is still unknown. This allows us to assume Yao Ming as a bargaining chip, just like Tracy McGrady who was traded due to limited playing time after his comeback last year. As a huge expiring contract, Yao Ming is obviously more valuable than the original Tracy McGrady. It can be said that if the Rockets come up with this chip, it will be fatal to the Nuggets (or a three-way trade to other teams in exchange for chips that the Nuggets are satisfied with). Of course, the Rockets will not easily trade their biggest stars, but they have signed two centers, Miller and Eric Dampier, and it can be seen that the Rockets are not 100% confident in Yao Ming. 3. Pistons and Rockets trade around Yao Ming or others This is the boldest guess. It seems that the Rockets will come back at a certain price for the defensive giants like Prince, such as Jeffries' expiring contract, such as young players, such as draft rights. The Pistons, who lack the inside line, may also consider players like Yao Ming who have expired contracts and star value. When Dumars brought in Rasheed Wallace from the Hawks, he wasn't at his best. Of course, the possibilities of the above three assumptions are not high so far, but since there are conjectures, it proves that the two teams have been undercurrent in private. Perhaps both Yao Ming and Tracy McGrady will face major personnel changes in the next season. Whether it is their whole body or themselves, if they are not in their best condition, the two former superstars may suffer a baptism of winter. (Amuro)