The No. 1 pick has all hoped that the Wizards want to get rid of the general but will not buy out Sina Sports News Beijing time on November 6th, according to ESPN reports, the Wizards' No. 1 pick John Wall just hit a quasi-triple-double not long ago. In the past In the past 25 years, with 25 points, 10 assists and 8 steals as the standard, Wall is the youngest player to reach this data. If Wall is number one, who is number two? It was Wall's teammate, General Elbert Arenas. The two of them are really destined. Arenas, at 22 years and 71 days old, represented the Warriors in the 2003-04 season and had such a quasi-triple-double performance. In this regard, Wall is even better. At the age of 20 years and 57 days, he scored 29 points, 13 assists and 9 steals in a battle with the 76ers, surpassing his predecessor Arenas and becoming one of the most outstanding rookies. one. Arenas came back in today's game between the Wizards and the Knicks. This is the first time the generals and No. 1 pick Wall perform together in the new season. Unfortunately, the result was not very satisfactory. The Wizards played 91-112 at Madison Square. The Gardens suffered a fiasco to the Knicks. Such a result will probably force the Wizards to make up their minds, and it's time to get rid of the big burden of Arenas. In fact, the Wizards have already made a decision in this regard. In order to allow Wall to play better, tactically, there is no plan to let Arenas play with him at the same time, at least not now. Although very eager to get rid of the general, but the Wizards clearly do not intend to buy him, because it will cost the team $ 57.6 million, which is simply a robbery. Although the Wizards have not announced any further plans for Arenas, with Wall's current super ability, the Wizards will definitely make a decision to trade the generals away. In fact, the Wizards are not worried that Arenas staying in the team will have a negative impact, or that Wall will be damaged. Today's young people are very powerful. Sending Arenas away is more like a statement, a guarantee from the Wizards to Wall, to clear all the useless people, and only provide Wall with a development plan with him as the core, everything is for him Can better show their talents. In the days when the general was absent, no one cared about his situation anymore, as it was during the "gun door" last season. Don't be surprised that the Wizards are so realistic, that's how professional teams are. Sending Arenas away before the trade deadline in February next year is the Wizards' current goal, but it is very difficult. Arenas has a three-year, $60 million contract with the Wizards. With three surgeries on his left knee, and then such a big incident, the Wizards probably regretted their bowels. And his injuries and tainted incidents made the potential next family back down. He is 28 years old. If he wants to sell him under such a big contract, the Wizards really need to do a good job of marketing strategy. The Wizards are reluctant to buy out Arenas mainly because they feel that he is not worth so much money, plus the team's salary space is also limited, the only feasible way to trade. The general isn't the first player to experience this, ageing, injury-riddled and unruly, just like Allen Iverson and Stephen Marbury once were. Such players will eventually face the dilemma of being traded and then having no team interest. Maybe Arenas should be able to learn a little lesson, and then cherish his time in the Wizards, try to get more playing opportunities, score more and perform more, in order to find a player who is willing to accept him before being sold by the Wizards. Team. However, the general still couldn't let go of his pride. In an interview with The Washington Post last month, he said, "The teammates should make tactics around the two of us. Now that the team has two great guards, there is no reason to play. It's not a good game." Arenas refused to see the status quo clearly, "Don't mess with us, you have to cooperate with the two of us." It is a pity that the Wizards did not plan to configure dual-core, and the whole team will definitely cooperate with the two of them. Er quickly became the only core, and cooperated with the team to send Arenas away as soon as possible. (Chen drunk)