12 Real Reminders: Make Your Life Better in America 1. Two for three dollars. Many people have the same question when they come to the supermarket in the United States to buy something for the first time. It says Two for three dollars. Can I just buy one? The answer is yes. Will it be more expensive to buy one? In fact, not at all. If Two for three dollars, then buying one is one and a half. But the situation is different in fast food restaurants, like McDonald's or Arby's often have some promotions, such as Arby's 2 Sub for 4 dollars, this kind of You can't just buy one. 2. Buy one get on free. This is a common promotion method in the United States. From daily necessities to cars, there are buy one get one free privileges. But because it is buy one get one free, the price of getting two is the same as getting one. It's not the same as the Two for three dollars mentioned above. 3. Never buying beers without your pictured ID in hand. The law in the United States stipulates that anyone who buys alcohol products must look at the picture ID. (You must reach the legal age to buy alcohol) and the regulations are different in each state and even each county. Some places can sell Liquor, and some places are not. Some states have some very strange regulations, like Georgia, which stipulates that no alcohol can be sold on Sundays, (how can there be such a strange regulation) I don't know for the first time, I am happy to go and buy a case of beer on Sunday. Opened a party, but the counter staff didn't sell it to me, and told me, Don't you know that? It's law! 4. Bring your ID to the bar, movies and when you write a check. Generally, dancing bars have age restrictions, some regulations are 18 years old, some regulations are 21 years old. Like 18 years old places, if you are over 21 years old, he will give you a bracelet (bracelet), which means you You can buy wine inside. As for movies, some theaters will separate ordinary and restricted movies. If you don’t have an ID, you can’t enter. As for check, we are generally not used to using cheques, but remember that when using cheques, others will also Depends on your ID. 5. The malls close at 6pm on Sunday! Generally people from Asia have a hard time understanding why in the US (and I think in Europe too) almost all business establishments close at 6pm on Sunday. So if you want to Go to the mall as early as possible. The business hours are usually until 9:00 pm on normal days, and until 10:00 pm on Saturdays. 6. Remember to renew your insurance. When the insurance expires, remember to renew it yourself (renewal is called renew in English) Some insurance companies will forget to send you a notice, so remember to renew it yourself. The medical expenses in the United States are amazing, don’t take it Bet on your own life and health. In addition, insurance money is called premium. Since the word premium can also be used as the best meaning, you can see many products called premium in supermarkets, such as orange juice, pizza, etc. These two meanings are confused. When talking about insurance, when it comes to premium, it means insurance money. 7. Down payment and monthly payment. Generally, there are two ways to pay for things, one is to pay in full, and the other is to pay in installments. The installment payment is divided into down payment and the money to be paid every month. Generally, buy a bigger one. For things like a car or insurance, the amount that should be paid by different payment methods will be listed on it. Some promotional advertisements will show No down payment. Is it worthwhile to pay additional finance charge (equivalent to interest)? Do the math for yourself. 8. Pay your tag fee before your birthday. Tag fee is the license tax of the car. It is paid once a year and is generally between $200-400. Due to different laws in each state, the method and amount of payment are not the same. But generally it must be paid in advance before the birthday. Annual tag fee, otherwise you will be fined 10%. 9. Get your emission test for your car every odd year. The laws of each state are different, but they should be similar. Georgia's law stipulates that the car must have an emission test every two years, and the fee is the public price of $25. If you need a detailed location to provide emission test services, Georgia residents can go to http:// www.cleanairforce.com/ this site query 10. Left turn first if there is a turn-left sign there. Driving in the United States is very different, that is, when the red light changes to green, if there is a left turn light, it will turn into a left turn light first, so the left turn car will go first. (In Taiwan, it is after the straight light is turned on. Change the left turn signal) So there is no such thing as a green light to turn. Don't play tricks. But if there is no left turn signal, you will still change to the left turn after the straight car has finished. 11. Ten dollars rebate and ten dollars cash back. Rebate and cash back are both commonly used promotion methods in the United States. The so-called Rebate is to fill in an application form after buying something home, pay the computer barcode (UPC) of the product, and send it to the manufacturer together with the receipt. They will send you a check. It takes from two weeks to two months. Cash back is to refund cash directly to you at checkout, but you still have to pay the tax on the refund. For example, if you buy something for $20, you get $10 cash back, but the tax you pay is still calculated at $20. Maybe you don't realize the small things, but if you buy a car and cash back $2,000, you will know how big the difference is. 12. Take advantage of the first courtesy. The so-called first courtesy is that if you make a mistake for the first time, you can ask for forgiveness from others (usually the bank). For example, you are fined by the bank for bouncing your check, or you are fined by the bank if you fail to pay your credit card over time. Even if the car is hanged.. you can ask to see if there is a first courtesy policy. Every bank is different, some have some not, if there is, you can save yourself a considerable penalty.