Xiaobu's injury gave another person a chance. He let the Rockets regain their former rhythm. Sina Sports News Beijing time on November 7th news, the Rockets lost to 121-124 in an overtime game in the away game against San Antonio. Spurs. In addition to Yao Ming who chose to truce because he couldn't play back-to-back games, the Rockets also lost starting point guard Brooks in the game. He sprained his ankle after a shot landed at the end of the first half and missed the game in the second half. After losing their starting point guard, the Rockets did not have a mess, and the performance of teenager Ismir Smith made everyone's eyes shine. In the second half without Brooks, Smith was equivalent to the Rockets' starting point guard. He made too many mistakes in the first half, but in the second half he showed a general style. Especially the cooperation between him and Scola at the last moment of the fourth quarter, people are surprised to find that this combination of inside and outside has become the biggest weapon for the Rockets to attack the city. Smith contributed 7 assists throughout the game. It was Smith who sent Scola's pass for 2 consecutive times at the last minute of regular time, and the Rockets suddenly expanded their lead to 3 points. And then Shane Battier's three-pointer was also indirectly related to Smith. It was he who attracted the Spurs' defender in the bottom left corner and scored the ball to Scola, who then scored the ball from the top of the arc to Scola. Battier, who was completely vacant, was able to hit that crucial three-pointer so calmly. In addition to assists, Smith's overall view is also impressive. At the last 9 seconds of regular time, the two sides were tied at 113. The Rockets attacked. Smith dribbled the ball and broke through by himself. After shaking off the defender, Smith chose to make a jumper himself. This choice was completely correct under the circumstances at the time, but it was a pity to shoot. A little bit off, or Smith will succeed in lore for the Spurs. In addition, Smith showed the general style of controlling the team's overall rhythm in overtime. He was not in a hurry to complete every attack, but found an opportunity in the gradual advancement, when the Rockets were in the lead. Hold the ball for as long as possible. In the final stages of the game, the Rockets' ability to play a defensive intensity similar to the Van Gundy era has a lot to do with Smith's rhythm control. In the last moments of overtime, Smith also had a wonderful offensive rebound, which directly helped the Rockets create two more shooting opportunities. Unfortunately, the teammates did not grasp. Although he lost a game and lost Brooks, Smith's emergence still gave people some comfort. Whether it's his sense of ball control, his grasp of opportunities, or his vision of passing the ball, judging from his performance today, he will become a talent with time. If he had a better shot (he was 4-for-16 today), he might have grown into the best point guard for the Rockets. (gorilla)