U.S. scientists say the brain can use the visual system to hear sounds , and the auditory system can also "see" objects. This suggests that there is, in fact, some very direct connection between the visual and auditory areas of the animal brain. Scientists at Texas State University used a group of monkeys for their experiments. In the experiment, they trained monkeys to look for spots of light on the screen. When the light is bright, the monkeys can easily find bright spots on the screen; when the light is dim, they take a long time to find them. But if the blurry light has a short click, the monkey can immediately point out the bright spot. At this time, its reaction speed is very fast, and it cannot be explained by common sense at all. By analyzing 49 neurons responsible for the earliest stages of visual processing, the researchers discovered the activation process that corresponds to visual behavior. That is, when there is a sound, these neurons will respond the same as when they see a bright light, and the reaction speed is very fast. The experimental results can only be explained by the fact that there is a direct connection between the visual and auditory functional areas of the brain. In addition, research has shown that one sensory cell can selectively process different senses. The finding may also explain the surprisingly quick reflexes of many animals. One sense can activate multiple sensory behaviors. Especially for the dead corners of the line of sight, where the eye can barely see what's going on there. But the ear tightens loose nerves and stimulates the visual system, allowing it to "see" and respond to blind spots. Another benefit of this discovery is the spatially precise localization function that produced the early visual system. By feeding sound elements directly into the visual processing system of the brain, the auditory system can then respond to time-sensitive information in a timely manner. The new findings seem to have parallels with the phenomenon of "sympathy". Consensus is a rare psychological symptom of a mixture of sensations, a bizarre phenomenon that occurs only in very few people. A person with this extrasensory ability can not only see color, but also feel, hear, and even taste it. What excites the researchers most is that the new findings may hold promise for the study of "cortical plasticity" in the sensory realm. For example, through the results of this research, blind people may be able to "see" the outside world through hearing. In fact, blind people do make up for their visual deficits by constantly improving their hearing abilities. In fact, the early visual system was also directly activated by touch. (Liu Yan)