Sina Lottery & Philanthropy Times have jointly launched the two-color ball top ten website competition Sina Sports News The Mid-Autumn Festival is approaching, and the National Day is approaching. On the occasion of the two major festivals, Sina Lottery Channel and the "Public Welfare Times" China Lottery Special Issue will jointly launch the "Tenth Festival" from this week. Big Lottery Website Two-Color Ball Arena", inviting ten lottery websites to make recommendations for each two-color ball. The arena competition aims to activate the exchanges between major professional lottery websites, jointly strengthen the analysis of the two-color ball gameplay, and provide more help for the majority of lottery players to bet on numbers. From now on, when each issue of the arena is published, the recommended results of each website in the previous issue will be counted, and the ranking will be based on the number of points. The monthly round will be used to determine the champion and runner-up of the current month's arena. The last two teams are eliminated in the monthly ring competition, and other websites will replace them next month. The eliminated websites can still sign up for the next round of selection. (See the attached table for the scoring rules of each stage of the ring competition) Points rules for the two-color ball arena: 1 point for 1 red ball in the middle; 2 points for 2 red balls in the middle; 3 points for 3 red balls in the middle; 5 points for the middle blue ball ; 4 red balls get 10 points; 4+1 gets 20 points; 5 red balls get 20 points; 5+1 gets 30 points; 6 red balls get 50 points; 6+1 gets 100 points point. The major websites of the first ring match were carefully prepared, and a strong team of experts was sent to make analysis and recommendation. No. 2008107 two-color ball, the current colder red ball 04 is generally favored by various websites. Six out of ten websites recommend this cold number, which has missed 12 issues. Recently, the red balls 11, 16, 25, 28, and 32 have appeared in a row. Other numbers are also generally optimistic. All ten websites have chosen the number with the prefix 3 as the end number of the next issue, and five of them are optimistic about the red ball 32. Regarding the basketball numbers of the next issue, various websites have different opinions. Except for 01, 02, 15 and 07, 16 of the basketball numbers issued in the last three issues, other numbers have website options.