 Guide to Argentina: Nine Things Chinese People Should Pay Attention to (Pictures) 1. Visa Notes Argentina and my country have signed an agreement on mutual exemption of visas for diplomacy and official business. The agreement stipulates that all our personnel who hold diplomatic passports or official passports to go to Afghanistan can enjoy visa-free treatment and can generally stay for 30 days after entering the country. For Chinese citizens holding ordinary passports for personal use, Argentina's visa policy is relatively strict, which can be divided into tourist visas, business visas, residence visas and work visas. When applying for a visa, a valid passport and a completed application are generally required. Forms, a passport photo, round-trip air tickets, proof of financial status, invitation letter and other materials. From November 1, 2002, a new simplified procedure system will be implemented for my business investment and market research personnel who come to Afghanistan with an ordinary passport for business purposes. The above-mentioned persons who apply through the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of China (specify name, passport number, place of birth and date of birth, fulfillment and period of stay) can immediately obtain the courtesy visas required by the embassy in China and the consulate general in Shanghai. Without the approval of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Afghanistan. The system was extended for another year on 1 May 2003. Due to the flexibility of the visa policy, for specific matters, please contact the Argentine Embassy in China or the Argentine Consulate General in Shanghai. 2. Entry Instructions and Customs Regulations According to the relevant regulations of He Genting Customs, items that cannot be brought into the country include fruits, meat products, insects, animals and plants, etc. As the Argentine Customs is quite strict on the entry inspection of Chinese citizens and the punishment is also very severe, it is recommended that my citizens come to Argentina for business, tourism or settlement, not to bring the above items into the country, so as to avoid unnecessary troubles. When entering the country, please be sure to fill in the entry registration card issued on the plane in detail, along with your passport for Argentine customs inspection. 3. Instructions on medical conditions and medical insurance (including health and epidemic prevention information) Argentina's medical and health conditions are good. There is no need to pay for medical treatment in public hospitals, but the number of medical treatment is large, and it is usually necessary to make an appointment or queue in advance. Private hospitals are in good condition, but the fees are more expensive. Some private hospitals only accept their members for medical treatment, please pay special attention. Argentina has a good climate and clean environment, and there are basically no epidemics of infectious diseases in the whole territory. However, considering the overall situation in South America, please consult the health and quarantine institutions for those who go abroad before leaving the country, and inject yellow fever vaccine as appropriate. 4. Public security situation (including crime situation, suggested preventive measures, notice of accidents, etc.) Buenos Aires, the capital of Argentina, is the largest city in the country, and it and the province of Buenos Aires form Greater Buenos Aires More than one-third of the country's population is concentrated in the Saires region. Generally speaking, the public security situation in Buenos Aires is still relatively severe. Tourists from other places should still pay attention to self-protection. They should avoid going to the urban areas with a small number of poor residents in Buenos Aires, and they must be especially careful when going out at night. 5. Traffic safety and travel precautions Argentina is more developed in transportation, with relatively flat and wide roads, and convenient public transportation and subway networks. Argentina, like my country, implements left-hand rudder driving, and the roads are mainly single-lane. Argentines drive fast, and merging and overtaking are common. Therefore, special attention should be paid to traffic safety. Pedestrians can only cross the road when the green light is on. Do not cross or run violently to avoid traffic accidents. When traveling to Argentina, you need to pay special attention to the following: 1) Carry your passport with you for inspection, and check whether the visa has expired at any time; 2) Carry as little cash as possible, and go to places with high crowds, such as airports, hotels, shops, restaurants 3) Book round-trip air tickets, train tickets and hotels in advance. 6. Emergency contact information and telephone number with the embassy 1. Address of the consular department of our embassy in Hegentin: CRISOLOGO LARRALDE 5349, telephone: 0054114538862, fax: 005411-45451141 2. Local emergency telephone number: Fire alarm: 100 Police station: 101 Child protection: 102 Medical emergency: 107 Tourist police station: (11) 43465770 The above numbers can be made free of charge from any public telephone in Argentina. 7. Legal advice and suggestions on issues frequently encountered by Chinese people 1. Chinese citizens who wish to settle in Argentina must submit to the domestic notary office, the Consular Department of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and the He Genting Embassy in China or Shanghai in accordance with the relevant regulations of the Argentine Immigration Bureau. The consulate general has completed the notarization of birth and notarization of no criminal punishment and double certification, and please pay attention to the validity period of the notarization certificate at any time so as not to expire. 2. Chinese citizens who wish to go to Argentina for investment immigration, please keep the bank certificate or the source of funds certificate for the funds transferred from foreign banks to Argentina for inspection by the relevant departments of Argentina. 8. Climate and Natural Disasters Argentina is located in the southern hemisphere, and its seasons are opposite to those of our country. The northern part is tropical, the central part is subtropical, and the southern part is temperate. The annual rainfall is 1000 to 1200 mm in the north and less than 250 mm in the south. The capital has four distinct seasons, with an annual average temperature of 16 degrees. 9. Nationality policy Argentina is a typical immigrant country. Its citizens are mainly of Spanish and Italian descendants. Therefore, the nationality policy is more liberal than other countries and Italians are the main ones. Therefore, the nationality policy is looser than other countries. Any child born in Argentina can Naturally have Argentine nationality. Argentina recognizes dual citizenship and has signed dual citizenship agreements with Spain, the Philippines, Italy and other countries.