Robert Downey Jr.: Imperfect Talent Showman (with photos) This year's "Iron Man" brought Robert Downey Jr., who was once shrouded in the shadow of drug addiction, back to the top of Hollywood. In "Entertainment Weekly" selected "2008 Entertainment Person of the Year" list, Downey ranked first. His friend Ben Stiller called the once-recognized acting genius "a genius sent from heaven to help us understand that life is a sad, fun and beautiful experience, full of imperfection and irony." Text/Zhang Yiyang Robert Downey Jr.'s coffee table is full of organic drinks and natural medicines, with bullet-sized pills in jars. While filming "Sherlock Holmes" in London, he rented a small villa in the local urban area. Although it was only two o'clock in the afternoon, he looked tired and seemed in desperate need of a refreshing drink. Reaching out and picking up a bottle, he poured out a dozen pills into his palm, and then drank the water in one gulp. "It's for the brain," Downey explained. Those pills must have worked. This year, thanks to a series of smart choices, Downey has had one of the best second springs in movie history. When he was young, he once personally ruined his promising acting career - drug addiction, so that Downey's good time was spent in various courts and even prisons. At the age of 43, Downey picked up the career trajectory that had been broken and returned to the peak of his career. "Iron Man", which has a global box office of more than 500 million, has logically become Downey's starting point. Later, he played a black man in Ben Stiller's "Tropic Thunder." Next spring, he will co-star in Joe White ("Atonement") in "The Soloist" with Jamie Foxx, who won an Oscar in 2004 for "Soul Singer." And now, Downey is shooting Madonna's ex-husband Guy Ritchie's Sherlock Holmes. "Why did I have such a year?" he thought for a moment, then said, "Honestly, I can't fully digest what happened before, during, and after Iron Man. Tropical Thunder It seems to have happened 25 minutes ago. If Ben Stiller called me today and said we had to shoot a few more scenes, I would immediately pick up my coat and leave." Don't give yourself any chance to repeat the same mistakes, just film one after another, and each one seems to be a blockbuster with enough weight. Today's "Iron Man" Today, Downey's reliance on drugs is limited to nicotine and the pile of pills on his coffee table: herbs, calcium, vitamin E, and more. The energy and talent that was once submerged in various drugs was reawakened by Downey and put into the role of the big screen, even the seemingly "vulgar" comic superhero. Downey originally thought he could return to the ranks of first-line male stars earlier. In 2005, he filmed a shrewd, cunning crime comedy "Little Thief - Beauty - Detective". The film was well received but the box office was bleak and failed to become the "Iron Man" of the year. But Thief-Beauty-The Detective got director Jon Favreau to notice him, when Favreau was looking for an actor to play the arms-making titan (Tony Stark in Iron Man). ). Downey was so desperate for the Iron Man role that he spent three weeks rehearsing every line in the script for the audition. "I put notes, corrections and thumbnails on every scene," Downey recalls. "I could have A, B, C in the same sentence. Crazy! But that's me too. The most attentive performance." Successfully taking over the role of the arms giant is just the beginning of Downey's comeback. Before filming "Iron Man" began in March 2007, Ben Stiller offered him the role of Kirk Lazarus, one of the male protagonists in "Tropic Thunder", who dressed himself as a black man for the performance. Australian Methodist male star. "It takes a lot of courage," Stiller said when talking about Downey's choice. "You think about it, every morning, he has to dress up as a black man." As Hollywood's famous "comedy fraternity" The eldest brother, Stiller used the main actor for the first time in the comedian-studded "Tropic Thunder". And this newcomer "almost grabbed the whole play". Rolling Stone magazine said so.