The most expensive sixth man in league history is born. 60 million substitutes only play 25 minutes Mar - Crawford, Jason - Terry and Manu - Manu Ginobili are on the list. But since Gilbert Arenas came back in yesterday's game against the New York Knicks, and today the Washington Wizards played against the Cleveland Cavaliers, he was back on the bench again. The general's contract has three years left, worth $60 million, only Played for 25 minutes. If this situation continues, he will be the favorite for the best sixth man with his skills, and he will also become the most expensive sixth man in NBA history. The topic is still back to ESPN's predictions. There are as many as 13 players nominated, but there is no Arenas name. Even if he missed 50 games because of the gun incident, no expert would be so crazy. In fact, in the preseason, Arenas has not been a starter for a short time, but since the "scam injury" incident, coach Philip Saunders has the idea of pressing him on the bench. Since then, the general no longer staged "The Wolf is Coming", but was really hurt, and he also gave Sanders an excuse. It is an unwritten rule of the NBA that you must sit on the bench first when recovering from a serious injury, not to mention that the general has also said that he does not care whether he is a substitute or not for Wall's growth. Arenas can ignore it, but the Wizards executives see it and know it. In the fourth quarter of yesterday's game, the Wizards entered the familiar Arenas mode. He scored consecutive points. Although he still lost in the end, it was true that he once brought the Wizards the light of victory. But such a general who steals the show must also become the first choice of the Wizards' top "Qingjun side". Therefore, after the game, there were rumors that the Wizards wanted to get rid of the general, but they were unwilling to pay a high buyout fee, which matched the previous remarks that the general wanted to retire. How difficult is it to trade Arenas? The Wizards executives are naturally well aware. Regardless of whether the rumors are true or not, it seems difficult for the general to regain the starting position, and Sanders may arrange for the general to serve as a substitute. Putting aside the factors of the general's gradual recovery, Wall and Hinrich's backcourt combination can stabilize, which is a blessing for the Wizards. At this time, there is absolutely no need to disrupt this deployment, and it is impossible to return to the preseason. three-back configuration. It is said that there are many chaos in the beginning of the NBA this season. If Arenas really becomes the first "sixth man" worth over 100 million in history, it is really more "meaningful" news than the start of the Houston Rockets' losing streak. To paraphrase the lines of Zhao Benshan's sketch "Heart Disease": "Let a rich man worth 3 million stand guard for me, which shows that you are very thoughtful."