Hong Kong Film Review: Return or Transformation of Hong Kong Films? (8.25-8.31) Shadows and Shadows: 1. Overview: Are Hong Kong films returning or transforming? With the passing of the Olympic Games, John To's Hong Kong film "Wenque" is also long overdue. Although it was edited for several minutes, the whole film is still a work with Hong Kong characteristics. It should be said that before the film market observers The expectation for the return of Hong Kong films after the Olympics has been fulfilled to a certain extent. Recently, there have been more and more news related to Hong Kong movies. For example, "Ten Minutes of Love" produced by Yindu Agency (it was mentioned in the review before, and one of the short films was deleted) was suddenly scheduled to be released in Hong Kong on September 4. , and the "Big Four Happiness" directed by Lin Zicong was also delayed from April to September 4th this year; another example is "Abu of Wolf Fang" directed by Wu Jing, "Zhan Wushuang" directed by Xiong Xinxin (blog), and women's Director Wang Ni's debut film "Miao Miao", according to legend, will be released in October; while the Peng brothers will direct the new films "Years of Love" and "Triangle Fault", which are expected to be released in February next year... Overall, Hong Kong movies It shows a warming trend, especially compared to the deserted situation of several months in the summer vacation. However, behind this recovery, it is not the recovery of traditional Hong Kong-produced films, but the further transition and transformation of Hong Kong-produced films to big Chinese films. The upcoming "Ten Minutes of Love" originally premiered at the Hong Kong International Film Festival in March this year, but it was postponed to the recent Hong Kong Summer International Film Festival because it did not pass the censorship, and one of the clips was cut- —Although its release date in the Mainland has not yet been determined, judging from the deletion of this film, especially the producer of Yindu, it will be released in the Mainland market; Lin Zicong's "Big Four Happiness" is also in a similar situation. In order to be able to enter the mainland market, the release time has been repeatedly postponed, and even the upcoming "Big Search", "Jiandie" (blog), "Hibiscus Out of Water", "The Sharpshooter", etc., are all restricted by the mainland market-Hong Kong films enter The mainland market is like a game, and the censorship system in the mainland is the rules of the game. If you want to enter, you must pass the constraints or regulations of these rules. On the other hand, while Hong Kong films are aimed at the mainland market, films created by mainland directors are also gradually entering the Hong Kong market, whether it is the traditional projection industry or the DVD industry. On September 11, "The Great Search" and "Sword Butterfly", which were originally scheduled to be released on this day, were postponed, and instead, "Half Seawater, Half Flame" produced by China Film Group was released - this film was released in Hong Kong Summer International. It premiered at the film festival and entered Hong Kong cinemas at the level of a third-class film. This is the latest work of the new mainland director Liu Fendi, and the release time of this work in the mainland has not yet been determined. Therefore, traditional Hong Kong films and Mainland films are caught in a vicious circle: Hong Kong films want to enter the Mainland market regardless of the local market, while Mainland films are released in the Hong Kong market at the cost of the third-tier (compare the fifth-generation “folklore films” in the 1980s and 1990s and the 1990s. "Underground Cinema" of the sixth generation). The thriller "Save Me" was released on DVD in Hong Kong at the end of August, and this week, the DVDs of "Fine Dance" and "Desolate Village Inn", two new films directed by mainland directors, were released. The Emperor Company produced and distributed, but did not arrange for release in the Hong Kong market, but directly issued DVD. As a result, Hong Kong films have fallen into a state of being dominated by the mainland market and facing the infiltration of mainland films, which has intensified the integration of the two, and is realizing the gradual transformation of Hong Kong films—turning to big Chinese films . In fact, before and after the handover of Hong Kong in 1997, cultural critic Abbas talked about the "disappearance" of Hong Kong culture. ", and "being here means not being absent, not being present, or being present. It's not even being unrecognized - it's a misrecognition of one thing for another. ". Although what Abbas said did not immediately become a reality when Hong Kong returned There is a transition between the old Tai Kok Tsui and the modern high-rise buildings (Xie Liwen, the original author of "McDull Story", pointed out that "Tumbling Feet" is "really representative of today's new generation of young people. In the past, McDowell's In the future, and McDull is the exact statement in the present, today's young people are addicted to playing computer games, which is actually not a variation of the 'footprint' - playing computer games for a day is just the performance of no previous, no future, only the present"), and then to In recent years, "Dragon Tiger Gate" (the film combines traditional grass with modern high-rise buildings), "Dog bites dog", "I want to do it", "Famous" (blog), "Aunt's postmodern life" In other films, the background of the story is more and more detached from the mainland of Hong Kong, and either tends to be a modern city lacking a specific geographical location (alluding to the "disappearance" of tradition), or "turns backward" and tends to be ancient costumes. In "Wenque", those black and white photos, those scenes that are gradually changing in modernization, are in a greater sense the memory and memory of a bygone era! Hong Kong film critic Lie Fu once said in the article "The Traditional Advantages of Hong Kong Films: Creativity, Entertainment Civilization and Urban Sense" that creativity, entertainment civilization and urban sense are the three major advantages of traditional Hong Kong films, but in today's "post-modern" From the point of view, Hong Kong movies just lack these three advantages. For example, "Dear" directed by Ye Nianchen, which was just released, was originally brought to young audiences in "Exclusive Trial Love", "Ten Shi Love" and "My Favorite". Ye Nianchen, who had many surprises, changed the way of slow work and meticulous work in the past, and quickly concocted the lack of creativity "Dear", and both the box office and word of mouth encountered Waterloo; even his once proud urban sense, It also lacks the traditional urban sense of Hong Kong (it has become similar to large cities such as Beijing and Shanghai), which just reflects the disappearance of the advantages of Hong Kong films... Some people are optimistic that the Hong Kong market still needs works with Hong Kong characteristics, and there are more cinemas It supports the need for traditional Hong Kong films to be released. However, this is more like a beautiful fairy tale. After all, on the one hand, young audiences have gradually become accustomed to the impact of Hollywood blockbusters. On the other hand, if the theater chain does not have traditional Hong Kong films If the release is provided, it will also be changed to release big Chinese films or Asian films or even Hollywood films. This situation is not unheard of in the Hong Kong market, and from the perspective of the neighboring Taiwan market, many filmmakers use Hollywood to release films. Works are the main thing. Abbas's talk about the "disappearance" of Hong Kong culture, especially film culture, is more like a prophecy. It has become a reality today after more than ten years. Therefore, Hong Kong films are gradually assimilated by Chinese films, while "Hong Kong films" It will also become a historical term like "Shanghai Film".