Architectural Landscape Blows Chinese Style Hidden Meaning Yu Weiqun, Creative Director of Yilan Landscape Design Co., Ltd. Yilan Creative Director I am both an architect and a landscaper. Taiwan is relatively small, and frankly speaking, it is not so strict when dividing occupational fields. For me, cities, buildings, and landscapes are only different in scale. For me, they are all part of an overall and large-scale spatial scene. So the example I show you today is actually a building, not a mere landscape. Moreover, I am in response to the theme of the revival of Chinese courtyards mentioned by the teacher just now. In fact, my emotion is to really understand the Chinese-style space. I can tell you that Chinese-style architecture and courtyards are inseparable. It is equivalent to saying that it is difficult for us to divide such a space group and space into buildings and courtyards. Without buildings, there would be no courtyards, and without gardens, there would be no courtyards. So there is a relative, interactive atmosphere to each other. So when I'm doing design, I don't divide these at all. The point I put forward is a situation instead. That is what our theme today advertises is people-oriented. For China, for the concept of space and the universe, he emphasizes people-oriented. Therefore, for Chinese people, what they experience is cities, buildings, or gardens. , for him, it is all based on human feelings. We talked about the so-called unity of mind and matter, the atmosphere constructed by virtual and real scenarios. This atmosphere is an atmosphere of human experience and interaction, and it is also an intelligence, that is, a carrier of information. So today, looking at some kind of landscape made by the Shanghai World Expo, we can see the scene condensed in our China Garden's spatial awareness. These scenarios and landscapes are handled by our company. For this project, when we measure such a project, we are required by the client that you must make a so-called Chinese courtyard. Then he hoped that the expression could be extracted to form a microcosm of Chinese garden elements, and on the other hand, it could be novel. A novel Chinese-style garden was what we wanted to build at that time. When we built it, it was not purely copying the old Chinese-style method, but an experience of the situation. The Chinese are in fact a very self-sufficient nation, including people-centered, China's emergence, everything is in line with China, the world is up, and people are the center of consciousness. Therefore, the Chinese often say that they only keep one-third of their own land. The spatial form of mu is the production unit, and for the Chinese, it is also the most basic spatial scale that can be grasped by an individual, his sight and feeling. Therefore, mu has become the design orientation of our design at the beginning, because "the half-mu square pond is opened, and the sky and clouds are wandering together". On the other hand, the Chinese garden has a characteristic, it is a self-contained space full of associations, it is a co-construction of reality and reality, which is equivalent to saying that in Chinese gardens, we condense mountains and rivers, rockeries and small bodies of water. Together, they condense into the open and splendid opening of Suzhou. So you can see that the Chinese people's spatial awareness is a co-construction of the small and the big, the virtual and the real, which is quite clear in the garden. On the other hand, as far as he himself is concerned, the meaning of the Chinese people, in the courtyard, one flower, one tree, one mountain and one stone, is the unity of our hearts and things, and we use human consciousness to explain and give new meanings. It is no longer a space atmosphere brought from nature and reassembled. In fact, every element forms a part of space consciousness, which is artificial. Here every scene and object are overlapping and interacting. So he is a mind and body. In our design, not only as a division of a basic spatial scale, but on the other hand, we accept the challenge, which is a balance between the so-called self-sufficiency and openness. Because this space environment is on the riverside of the World Expo, we need to have a part that is completely open, and if there is a courtyard, it is a self-sufficient introverted open center. We have selected a series of elements that have appeared in the past to form a scale arrangement of a nine-square grid. From the scale of Jiugongge, we made some adjustments according to our topography and features, according to the underground passages that we crossed, the entire streamline and the required visual fences. The result of the adjustment formed such a tablecloth. This tablecloth basically extends the entire environment including the World Expo and the riverside with a large amount of greenery and a series of green belts, which is a response to the larger environment. In the big environment, the small gardens extending out of the Jiugong Grid are formed into a series of organizational sequences. Including what we are talking about, it is a backwater garden, including the scene of the main body of the mountain and stone garden, and the so-called lotus pond. These are all Chinese gardens, and the elements appear again and again. These appearances are organized in a series of miniatures. For example, the main body of the center is now used as the VIP of the World Expo. In this part we try to form a garden connection in terms of architecture. The space of the building forms an animation and interaction with the water body and the green belt. We have fences on the other two sides. This fence is not just a combined boundary, but a section that carries information. What it carries is the shadow we pass through the tree, which serves as the landscape background of the tree, the definition of space, and so on. formed spatial sequence. On the other hand, what we emphasize is that Chinese-style spaces are usually a combination of mind and matter, and literati like to dance and play with words. Usually the garden builder, or the owner or the designer, usually discloses a communication and expresses a certain intention here in advance. The garden builder expresses through space, and Party A usually expresses further information with the symbols of words and inscriptions. This reflects an expression of the gardener's intention to green at a certain point. For example, Wan Fang Anhe, words like this represent the literary scene in poetry and painting, and I propose it here for you to look forward to and to verify. This is a Chinese courtyard influenced by the literati system. In addition, the building itself is open, because in the garden, it is different from the city wall, and different from some closed middle walls, but it is open inward. Usually it is an open, penetrating, interactive space. So what we see is architecture, often with open-plan open spaces. Seeing the big from the small, rocks, water, and plants are a microcosm of the introduction of nature into Chinese architecture, so it is also a reflection of the cosmology. This kind of reflection, this method of stacking stones, this time in the design, we often give him a new way. On the one hand, from the point of view of economy and operation, we consider the traditional stacked stone, which may cause a series of obstacles to promotion because of the inappropriateness of the stone. But now, Chinese people are looking forward to experiencing the inner-style landscape, and they are looking forward to having some intentions, which are operable, economical, and understandable. In this regard, we have done some condensing and refining. We have tried to make a relevant expression of Chinese model concepts here. What he most often expresses is that there should be a basic square in architecture, but we tried to use the fast time and the rockery to shape this square here. To make a series of expressions through waterscape, this is our series of expressions in Chinese gardens. Because time is limited, look at the past quickly. Therefore, after such an expression, the Chinese-style courtyard building faces another challenge. On the one hand, it is the condensed and condensed operation. In the architectural part, because the lighting is different from the past, the current lighting is quite advanced, and lighting is a very important element for the construction of the architectural space of the courtyard at night. So I see that whether it is through building lighting or whatever, it is continuous, which is condensed through the entire space. Courtyard buildings are inseparable from courtyards. In fact, the design of openings forms multi-level penetration and series connection. Whether it is the opposite scenery, axis, composition, or painting, it often creates a series of dialogue scene spaces. I often emphasize how to measure whether such a space group and such a space atmosphere belong to the Chinese-style architecture that can be experienced by the Chinese people's spatial awareness, then what we need to see is whether he has a dialogue and interaction. As for the condensed elements, it usually lies in the construction operation and experience of the operation. Now influenced by Western aesthetics, geometrical aesthetics, our life and clothing are influenced by Western geometrical industrial aesthetics. This influence emphasizes a more vivid image, which is why the post-80s generation is so This is why I am obsessed with comics and cartoons. They were impatient to experience too much fuss, and he liked something more concise and concise. Architectural framework, how to do concentrated expression. For the traditional background wall, the wall is no longer a combination, we still continue the interpretation of the wall in Suzhou gardens. The wall itself is not a pure composition unlike the western wall, but he has expressions, not only through his openings and decorations, but also through the shadows of trees, lighting, and sunlight projected on them. What comes up is a scene that combines literary information, literary imagination or information from historical traditions, and a comprehensive atmosphere that combines intelligence and information. As just mentioned, this kind of aesthetics here we also try to combine the backwater garden in the middle of the open, and derive it from the geometrical aesthetics. This derivation still conveys the concept of multi-level experience in traditional gardens. The layman is watching the excitement, the expert is watching the doorway, and the knowledgeable intellectual has a considerable accumulation of knowledge. He can arrange a flower and a stone in it, and even our sculptures can produce a series of literature, and even other more in-depth imaginations. The garden resonates with the heart of a new step. For example, there is a moon in the water. In this way, the connection between the verses such as the bright moon and the sky is conveyed. In the treatment of streamline, we also continue the concept of Chinese garden. On the other hand, we have not forgotten that there is always some kind of story-like landscape in Chinese-style courtyard buildings, so we used the bamboo grove and the bamboo chair. . There are differences between the high and the low. His material is bamboo, which echoes the bamboo forest. It also uses a modern method to narrate the allusions of the Seven Sages of the Bamboo Forest. Thanks! Roundtable Forum: The picture shows the forum site Moderator Wang Jian: Moderator Wang Jian is very happy today that everyone can come to Huatai to participate in the people-oriented salon discussion on the revival of Chinese courtyard architecture culture in such a hot weather. I express my deep agreement to the presence here! Today, on our people-oriented topic, the revival of Chinese courtyard architecture culture, several well-known domestic guests are invited to have an on-site interactive discussion. I can also be regarded as a start, and the discussion for several of our guests is an introduction. Now with the rise of the whole Chinese culture. Today I am also a guest host. Two or three hours ago, I was still deducting the design of a Chinese-style villa, what should I do with this scale. I am derived from the word of this scale. I hope that several guests here today, including the comments and interactive discussions of several guests, can see the depth and breadth of Chinese culture through the discussions of experts. From this, we can see that now, even all over the world, the whole country is talking about the new Chinese style. an attitude of culture. Through this attitude, we can show the enthusiasm of our future new Chinese culture, or the tolerance that the new Chinese culture should reflect. This is the point of our discussion in this salon. Next, we have a very small information about our current new Chinese culture. First of all, I will provide a piece of information here. You can see that Sotheby's Auction House has the latest data. From 2003 to 2004 and 2005, the auction prices of Chinese architectural art auctions have soared, from $2.95 million to $2.95 million. 901.92 US dollars, as of May 24 this year, Chinese artists auctioned the highest price of 23.06 million yuan. It is equivalent to saying that at present, on a global scale, Chinese contemporary art is soaring, especially everyone's discussion of Chinese culture. It happened that since 2003 in China, China's new Chinese-style cultural buildings have spread across the country, and considering the heat, like today's temperature, it is getting higher and higher. It is this phenomenon that has caused a discussion among most media and even experts. Therefore, this data can well represent the necessity of this discussion today, so I think this topic today invites all the experts, teachers, and managers to conduct an in-depth discussion. First of all, I would like to ask the senior Wang Guixiang Wangjiao here to make a comment first! i want to comment