WOW Arena Global Domination Battle The Taiwanese team missed the BlizzCon U.S. time on the 21st to hold the "World of Warcraft" global domination battle. The Taiwanese team "DKP" and "All Pass" challenged the United States, Europe, and South Korea. The original "All Pass" first battle Against South Korea's "Shipit", they once took a 2:1 lead, but due to two consecutive mistakes, they missed the chance to advance to the winning team; as a result, "DKP" and "All Pass" both swallowed two defeats in the first day of battle. , missed the promotion. Blizzard's annual game event, BlizzCon, was held at the Anaheim Convention Center in California on the 21st, U.S. time. When the Taiwanese and Korean players arrived on the 20th, they found that Chinese and Korean language content was not installed on the game server. On the 21st, the players began to set up the relevant roles on the day of the game; in the rush process and lack of familiarity with the game computer, some players had the problem that the correctness of the macro was not adjusted properly, which also affected the players' mood in the game. "World of Warcraft" global hegemony battle adopts five-fight three-win, double-elimination system. The Taiwanese team "DKP", a combination of death knights, priests, and thieves, took the lead in the North American runner-up team "TSG" at 3:00 pm on the 21st US time. Paladins, warriors, and death knights were two points behind. Pulled back a city, but finally lost 1:3. According to DKP analysis, the fourth game actually had the upper hand and had a chance to win, but because the correctness of the thieves macro was not adjusted properly, it led to mistakes and hatred. As for the other Taiwanese team, "All Pass", they faced the death knight, paladin, and hunter combination of South Korea's "Shipit" with paladins, death knights, and warriors. It was caught up by All Pass, forming a situation where All Pass was leading 2:1, but then a character accidentally fell off in All Pass, and in the last game, there was no good communication with each other, resulting in mistakes such as wrong moves. All Pass lost to Shipit 2:3 and fell to the losing team. On the evening of the 21st, DKP and All Pass faced Button Bashers of South Korea and Woah of Europe respectively in the losing match. They both lost 0:3 to their opponents and missed the cut. The results of the "World of Warcraft" global competition are scheduled to be released on the 22nd, US time.