Yao Ming: The Rockets are not qualified so far and hope to play in two back-to-back games. Sina Sports News November 6, Beijing time (November 5, Houston time), the Rockets conducted regular training at the Toyota Center. Yao Ming accepted an interview with reporters, He said he is ready to play in any back-to-back game. Yao Ming finished his shooting practice and was about to go to the physiotherapy room when he was stopped by a group of reporters. He sat in his usual chair and answered questions from reporters about the upcoming game. Yao Ming said that although he is not sure which game he will play, he is ready to go: "I prepare myself to play any game. We really, really, really need a win now. I don't think anyone is happy with the 0-4 start, it's embarrassing, we're an underqualified team this season." Coach Adelman is still very strict, and he has not disclosed his feelings for the Spurs and the Spurs. Which Timberwolves game will let Yao Ming play? The reporters wanted to get some clues from Yao Ming. Yao Ming smiled helplessly: "I hope I can play both games. If you ask me, I will say I want to play both games. Hit, I would definitely say that. Like I said, our team is desperate for a win right now." The coach expressed concern for the team, Yao Ming sighed, frowned, and felt another word More suited to my mood: "When the team was as good as last year or the previous season, everyone was united. Now is the time to show how good we are. It's not too late to change the situation. I think everyone is training today Zhongdu is very angry with our previous performance, and we are looking forward to tomorrow's game. I am not quite sure about the meaning of 'worry', concern (this word is more appropriate)" After the interview, Yao Ming stood up and walked to the physiotherapy room, joking Said, I went to see Adelman for tea. Undoubtedly, how to find a way to lead the Rockets to win with Ah Shuai is what Yao Ming is most concerned about now. (Sina Sports Zhang Haiyan from Houston)