Zhongbo Media deploys Asian strategy Xu Qinhao to produce "Dangerous Relationship" On June 7, Chen Weiming, chairman of Zhongbo Media, and famous Korean director Xu Qinhao jointly attended the "First Singapore Film Festival" hosted by the Singapore Media Development Authority. The Knorr Films signed a strategic cooperation agreement and signed a cooperation agreement on co-investment in the Chinese film "Dangerous Relations". As the representative of the organizer of "Singapore Film Festival", Yang Quanzheng, Director of Information Technology and Director of the Radio, Television and Music Department of the Singapore Media Development Authority, attended the scene to witness the cooperation between the two parties and delivered a speech. The cooperation between the two sides is a new beginning of the film and cultural exchanges between China and New Zealand. The government set up a stage for filmmakers to sing. Last year marked the 20th anniversary of the establishment of diplomatic relations between China and Singapore, and the two countries signed a film co-production agreement. The filmmakers of the two countries responded together and made active preparations. In the first "Singapore Film Festival", a festival shared by filmmakers all over the world, the signing of the strategic cooperation agreement between China Bo Media and Knorr Films was completed, making the films of China and Singapore a reality. The common development has taken a new step. Singapore's cultural industry is highly developed, with a population of about 4.5 million. In 2009, Singapore's film box office revenue reached US$820 million, making it one of the countries with the highest film attendance in the world. The signing of the China-Singapore film cooperation agreement is undoubtedly a good news for the Chinese film industry that is poised for development. Dr Xie Deqian, Chief Executive Officer of the Media Development Authority of Singapore, said: "The China-Singapore film co-production agreement is a milestone, and it can greatly promote industrial cooperation between the two countries. It enables Chinese and Singaporean filmmakers to pool resources and Create a larger distribution network for the international market. China and Singapore have deep historical and cultural ties. The close language and cultural ties and decades of friendly cooperation will enable filmmakers from both countries to conceive common themes and discover A unique Asian story that will resonate with audiences around the world." Chinese films are developing at a rapid rate, the box office started from 1 billion yuan in 2003, an annual increase of more than 35% in 8 years, exceeded 10 billion last year, and the film output exceeded 500 , ranking third in the world, after India and the United States. At present, the number of screens nationwide has increased to nearly 6,000, but the number of screens per 200,000 people in China is less than one, which is 10 times lower than the international average, and there is still considerable room for growth. In addition, according to the Sino-Singapore film co-production agreement, if the investment of Chinese filmmakers is not less than 20%, they can enjoy the Singapore government's "Feature Film Subsidy Program", as well as 1.5 billion yuan, just like Singapore filmmakers. Private Media Fund support in SGD. At the same time, in terms of formal co-production of films, the content supervision of the two countries will also treat each other as domestic films. According to the relevant data of the common concept of "Asian film", the cumulative box office revenue of films distributed and invested in the Korean market by Zhongbo Media has exceeded 1 billion yuan, making it the largest Chinese film distributor in the Korean film market. In fact, Zhongbo Media, established in 1999, is one of the first batch of private media organizations in China that has been approved by the State Administration of Radio, Film and Television, holds the license for film and television production, and specializes in film and television distribution, investment and production. Since its establishment ten years ago, Zhongbo Media has taken the lead in establishing an international operation target in the Chinese film and television industry. Based on the Chinese mainland, it has focused on expanding the Asian film market and has released a large number of influential film and television works in South Korea, including Zhang Yimou's "Love of the Hawthorn Tree" and "Hawthorn Tree". Three Guns Shooting the Table Surprise", "The Golden Armor in the City", "House of Flying Daggers", "Heroes", "The Promise" directed by Chen Kaige and other domestic blockbusters; and invested, produced and distributed "The Devil is Coming", "Himalaya" ", "Going Out", "Diner", "Rainy Season", "Chengdu I Love You" and many other films. In addition, Zhongbo Media has signed a contract with the Busan International Film Festival in South Korea in March this year, and established ZONBO-BALCON in South Korea to directly operate four cinemas and build a self-owned cinema chain of 50 cinemas in the alliance. Zhongbo Media adheres to the Asian film distribution concept of "based on the country, covering Japan and South Korea, and radiating Southeast Asia", and at the same time looks forward to cooperating with more domestic directors and film and television companies to promote their works to the international market, so that more Asian and even the world audiences See excellent Chinese movies. For Chinese films, Zhongbo Media is the first film and television company that has successfully brought Chinese culture and films to the Asian market. Chen Weiming has always hoped that Zhongbo Media can become a bridge for Chinese films to go to Asia. At the same time, he hopes to make some excellent films in China that can be distributed in the Asian region with the help of Zhongbo Media's ten years of overseas distribution and production experience. This includes integrating and organizing domestic stories and actors in China, and combining some of the funds from South Korea, Japan, and Singapore, and integrating Chinese, Korean, and Japanese film production teams. Such resource integration is precisely for the purpose of producing films in mainland China that attract the attention of Asian audiences, and it is also what Zhongbo Media has always been committed to. The cooperation between Zhongbo Media and Jiale Film is the first step for Zhongbo Media's "Asian Film" concept in the Southeast Asian market. According to Chen Weiming, in the next three years, Zhongbo Media and Jiale Film will jointly invest RMB 400 million to RMB 500 million. In addition to "Dangerous Relationship", four commercial blockbusters with a value of more than RMB 100 million will be launched successively. Top lineup of Asian movies. Yun Huixiang, President of Knorr Films, said that China is becoming the most important film market in Asia and the world, especially for Singapore. China is the most important market for Singapore, both from a commercial perspective and from an artistic perspective. Zhongbo Media is the most ideal partner of Knorr Films. On the one hand, it can be seen from the development track of Zhongbo Media that Zhongbo Media is one of the few companies in China with an international vision. They not only focus on developing the domestic market, but are also the first in China. A company that cooperates with South Korea in all aspects in production and distribution. Now, the cooperation between Zhongbo Media and Singapore Knorr Films also clearly reflects the international vision of Zhongbo Media. Shooting "Dangerous Relationship" is the first cooperation project between the two parties, and we hope to reflect the common pursuit of both parties: high-quality stories, a team with great commercial value, and jointly creating a project with the most originality, creativity and imagination . "Dangerous Relationships", an Asian film masterpiece, "Dangerous Relationships" is directed by South Korean "emotional film master" Xu Qinhao, and written by Yan Geling, a world-renowned Chinese screenwriter. According to Chen Weiming, the film will combine Asian funds and top Asian casts to create a commercial film with an investment of 100 million yuan. Before that, Xu Qinhao mainly preferred to shoot literary and artistic films in South Korea. His representative works include "August Photo Studio", "Spring Die", "Happiness", etc., and won many international awards. He is the director of the same type of film in Asia with the most commercial value and Influential director. "Dangerous Relationship" is the third time that Zhongbo Media has held hands with Xu Qinhao after "Going Out" and "Rainy Season". As the director of the film, Xu Qinhao said, "After the previous cooperation with Zhongbo Media, I am very confident in this cooperation, especially when I learned that the screenwriter of the film is Ms. Yan Geling, I am more confident, plus investment With Fang Yuan’s investment, I believe this must be a top-tier film in Asia.” According to director Xu Qinhao, the film’s background was set in China’s old Shanghai war years, and it was a love movie about human nature. He also admitted that the film is a breakthrough for himself. "How to grasp the commercial film and make this film a commercial success is both an opportunity and a challenge for me." According to director Xu Qinhao, "the film "Dangerous" "Relationship" is adapted from the French novel of the same name. Since 1959, it has been adapted into a movie in many countries, including South Korea. In South Korea, the film was adapted into the movie "Scandal", which has received a very good box office. It can be said that Every previous adaptation has been a great success. This is also an important reason for my confidence in the film." When talking about the difficulties that Korean directors will encounter when shooting Chinese films, Xu Qinhao said, "In the past cooperation, in fact, It's just that at the beginning, everyone will need to run in due to language barriers. Once they are integrated into the roles, everyone will feel it with their hearts, and the language barriers will soon be eliminated. Because Asian cultures are interlinked, in terms of ethics, human nature, Moral, emotional and many other aspects are integrated.”