The increase in GPRS tariffs has cast a shadow on the mobile online game industry. Since August 2007, China Mobile and China Unicom have significantly lowered the tariffs for GPRS Internet services, and launched Internet packages such as 100M for 5 yuan and 300M for 20 yuan. up to 75%. The tariff reduction of GPRS service directly stimulates the enthusiasm of mobile WAP Internet users and promotes the maturity of the wireless industry chain. However, this kind of good news is only short-lived. On January 3, 2008, China Mobile Guangdong Company raised the GPRS package tariff: the package 100M increased from 5 yuan to 15 yuan, which is equivalent to a triple price increase; the package 300M increased from 20 yuan Up to 40 yuan, up 2 times; 500M traffic is raised from 50 yuan to 80 yuan. In addition, the package of 1000M traffic per month for 100 yuan has not been adjusted, and the package of 2000M traffic per month for 200 yuan has been added. UnionPay analysis: 1. my country's mobile online game industry has a bright future. Compared with PC online games, the biggest advantage of mobile online games is that they are not restricted by time and location. The ease of operation also helps mobile online games win more potential users. In 2004, China's mobile online games were born. After nearly three years of market cultivation, the number of users grew rapidly from more than 2 million in early 2006 to more than 8 million in mid-2007. In 2007, the operating revenue of China's mobile online game market reached 110 million yuan, with a growth rate of 343.8%. From 2007 to 2011, the compound annual growth rate of the mobile game market size was 48%. Among them, the compound annual growth rate of mobile operator revenue from 2003 to 2011 will reach 143%, and the compound annual growth rate of SP revenue from 2003 to 2011 will reach 145%. Mobile online games, which represent the future development direction of mobile games, have a bright future. 2. High cost leads to slow development of the mobile online game industry The operation mode of mobile online games has always been a bottleneck for the development of the industry, and it has also led to mobile online games lingering in the early stage of market cultivation for a long time. In the past three years, due to the high threshold, high investment and high risk, many companies were unable to invest long-term energy development, resulting in the slow development of the domestic mobile online game market. As of mid-2007, there were only more than 80 online game products on the market. Judging from the current situation in my country, breaking through the high cost of mobile online game development is mainly faced with three bottlenecks. Bottleneck 1: In terms of mobile phone hardware. At present, 70% of my country's mobile online game manufacturers are "dead" in product development. Due to the different screens and various operating systems of mobile terminals, the developed mobile online game products are required to be adapted to various models, which greatly lengthens the development cycle. Many manufacturers often have not even developed a decent product, and the money is exhausted. It is a Nokia mobile phone. Different models of mobile phones may have different technology platforms, which makes it very difficult to develop mobile online games. Bottleneck 2: The development cycle is long. At present, the development cycle of mobile online games is as long as 12-18 months, and the high development cost has been an important factor restricting the development of mobile online games for a long time. The development of a mobile online game requires a team of more than 10 people, more than one year of development and follow-up operations. The cost of such a game is hundreds of thousands of yuan, or even millions of yuan. Moreover, the mobile online game industry lacks talents. my country's game industry is facing the embarrassing situation of rapid market growth and extreme shortage of talents. The lack of professional talents has become a bottleneck for the development of mobile online games. Bottleneck 3: High out-of-pocket expenses limit the number of users. The high cost of mobile online games needs to be amortized through the user scale in operation. Some data show that, for a mobile online game to continuously generate benefits, it must require at least 100,000 users to be online, while the current mobile online games are basically thousands of users online. Moreover, if a game can reach 100,000 users online, it means that registered users have reached 500,000. Since the birth of Chinese mobile online games in 2004, by the middle of 2007, each game can have an average of 100,000 users, which is still far from the requirement of 500,000 registered users. Excessive tariffs directly inhibit user demand. 3. Credit Risk Warning Judging from the current market situation, my country's mobile phone network users are highly sensitive to price. From August 2007, China Mobile and China Unicom have significantly lowered the tariffs for GPRS Internet access. The enthusiasm of mobile WAP Internet users has promoted the maturity of the wireless industry chain. Recently, China Mobile Guangdong Company once again raised the GPRS package tariff, which caused great dissatisfaction among users and discouraged users to use GPRS mobile phones to surf the Internet, especially to the mobile online game industry. shadow. However, from the perspective of the future development trend of the industry, with the continuous introduction of 3G, user needs, tariffs, network speed and mobile terminals are becoming more and more mature, and mobile online games will replace mobile single-player games in the short term. After the commercial use of 3G networks, mobile online games will become the growth point of mobile games, and mobile Internet access charges will continue to decline after all. Therefore, we believe that only online game companies that can effectively improve the quality of game products and change the single business model of mobile online games can stand out in the fierce competition. [This article is provided by Beijing United Information Network China Credit Risk Information Database, please do not reprint without the written permission of Beijing UnionPay Information Consulting Center. ]