Blinder: The stimulus plan has helped the U.S. economy turn around The improvement is due to the economic stimulus plan introduced by the Obama administration. The following is a summary of the article: Some Republican lawmakers in the United States claimed that President Obama's economic stimulus plan totaling 787 billion US dollars has failed; they even advocated that some of the remaining investment projects in the plan should be cancelled. Medically, it's negligence; politically, it's sedition. From a practical point of view, it is necessary for us to maintain the established policy unchanged. The established guidelines now include a "Cash for Clunkers" scheme. On the face of it, the plan appears to be the most successful stimulus package: executed quickly, with impressive results, and a huge boost to auto sales. The rapid implementation of this policy is in stark contrast to the slow progress of the economic stimulus plan. But this view is not particularly accurate. First, the images of car dealerships and crushed vehicles that have flooded newspaper pages and TV images are not a depiction of the real stimulus package. All they have shown is a prelude to the stimulus package - old cars are scrapped and new cars in stock are sold. Stimulating employment will only be achieved if automakers increase production in response to rising sales and depleting inventories. So the cash-for-clunker program is the same as most of the stimulus in the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act. The stimulation is already having an effect, but it takes a while to feel it. A good example is the federal government's financial aid to state and local governments. Only 20 percent of the $174 billion in federal funds allocated to state and local governments has been used, and the infusion of federal funds has limited cuts in public service spending, with 80 percent remaining. However, we will not see pictures of civil servants being fired in the media. Critics claim that stimulus implementation is behind schedule. Not so. While the government did give overly optimistic economic forecasts in February, the stimulus package was never designed to "cure the sick" quickly. Rather, it was designed to moderate the slowdown in the economy, and it has served its purpose. The pace of stimulus spending was highly in line with the Congressional Budget Office's original expectations. When Congress passed the plan in February, the budget office projected spending 24 percent in fiscal 2009 and 50 percent in fiscal 2010, or 74 percent in about 18 months. It's only six months before Congress passes the stimulus package, but it's already making a big difference. Private forecasters expect the stimulus package to contribute about 2.5 percentage points to annual GDP growth in the second quarter, with the impact to be more pronounced in the third quarter. Cartoonists may sneer at "Dawn of Hope," but our economy is finally starting to grow again. The American Recovery and Reinvestment Act is by no means the only reason. Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke and his colleagues also contributed greatly, as did the self-correction of the economy. The U.S. economy, which looked like it was about to slip into the abyss six months ago, is now on the mend thanks to the stimulus package. (Xingya)