Wizards on the Cavaliers point guard sing protagonist Kidd's successor coming to the United Arab need to wake up Sina Sports News in the just-concluded Washington Wizards home game against the Cleveland Cavaliers, the Wizards lost this back-to-back battle 102-107. No. 1 overall pick John Wall played 43 minutes and scored 13 points, 4 rebounds, 10 assists, 1 steal and 1 block on 5 of 14 shots, but he also had 6 turnovers, and his performance was quite satisfactory. In this game, the Wizards played against the Cavaliers. At first glance, this game has little to do with Yi Jianlian, but in fact, it is quite a topic-the guards of both teams have a lot to do with Yi Jianlian. Wall needless to say, the Cavaliers' two current point guards, Maurice Williams and Raymond Sessions are Yi Jianlian's former teammates, and Sessions is Yi Jianlian's classmates. But in the Bucks, Yi Jianlian's running-in with Williams and Sessions is difficult to call a tacit understanding, why is this? In fact, this is mainly related to the characteristics of the two point guards. Xiao Mo himself is not a passer-first point guard. The year Yi Jianlian worked with was his most distinctive year: in the 2007-08 season, Xiao Mo averaged 17.2 points, 3.5 rebounds and 6.3 assists per game; In the toughest scoring project, the long-range two-pointer, Williams shot 51.5 percent, second only to Steve Nash, the NBA's first sharpshooter. In addition, Xiao Mo's shooting percentage on the right half of the basket is as high as 56.4%, ranking first in the league, while the shooting percentage on the left side is as high as 49.7%, ranking fourth in the league. These data undoubtedly reflect a problem - Xiao Mo is simply a shooter, he is not a passer. Sessions is a good passer. He scored in double figures in assists in five consecutive games at the end of the 2007-08 season. He was the first rookie in 16 years to score 20 assists in double figures. He was also the first NBDL player to get a triple-double in the NBA. player. But the problem is that Sessions only played 17 games in the Bucks, and there is nothing to talk about with the UAE. Of course, even if he has enough playing time, he may not be able to play a high-level game - this has been verified in the Minnesota Timberwolves. Overall, Sessions is a solid point guard with mediocre talent, but oddly, his effectiveness off the bench plummets inexplicably, and he doesn't have the ability to turn things around when he's on a weak team. And Wall is different. As the No. 1 overall pick, Wall's passing ability and overall situation have been verified in the summer league and preseason. Wall has the fastest speed with the ball in the league, and he has a natural sense of pick-and-roll. In the preseason, he was able to skillfully play pick-and-roll with JaVale McGee and Yi Jianlian. Outer fit. At the same time, when there is a chance to fight back, Wall can also quickly advance without hesitation, and his individual fast breaks have repeatedly made opponents unable to defend. Of course, Wall also has some shortcomings. For example, he is not good at shooting 3-pointers and has a lot of turnovers. At the same time, after Gilbert Arenas' comeback, the two still need some time to run in. But from the perspective of hardware conditions, Wall has the height, speed and overall situation. There is no reason for him to become "Wal't pass", and he will not be pressed on the bench like Sessions, which will lead to a sharp drop in efficiency. "I used to think that no one can drive a single fast break like Jason Kidd, but Wall has really reached that height." Cavaliers coach and former Nets coach Byron Scott commented on Wall you. Although Yi Jianlian missed the point guard guru Kidd in the Nets, but now, he has the opportunity to play next to the new top point guard. (gu da)