Ladbrokes Odds Statistics: The Blues Bayern can support Tottenham at home and recommend against the cold 01 Blackburn VS Fulham Blackburn have not won in 3 rounds, and the poor defense makes the team only ranked lower. Fulham is undefeated in 3 rounds, and the leadership of coach Hodgson has been well received. Since 2007, the two teams have faced each other three times and all of them have been drawn. Ladbrokes opened a sub-pan of 1.78 water for the main draw, and the water level in the upper plate was good. Under the same odds of Interwetten, the home team of the Premier League last season had 4 wins, 3 draws and 1 loss. Overall, Blackburn has an advantage, but it may not be a stable victory. Football Lottery recommends 3/1. 02 Liverpool VS Stoke City Liverpool are doing very well recently, with 4 wins and 1 draw in the new season. Stoke City suffered two consecutive defeats. Although 7 goals have been scored, 10 goals are obviously too many. Ladbrokes gave a sub-dial of 1.74 water for the main handicap of Qiuban Liangqiu. The water level in the upper plate was treated very low, and there is a possibility of rising at any time. Under the same odds, Ladbrokes won all four Premier League games last season. Football lottery single 3 do the guts. 03 Tottenham VS Wigan Tottenham got off to a bleak start. The team’s attack power dropped sharply, and the defense didn’t improve. So far, they haven’t won a game. They are currently at the bottom of the table and desperately need a victory. 5 goals victory over Hull City. In the past 3 seasons, Tottenham have 2 wins and 1 draw against Wigan at home. Ladbrokes gave a bid of 1.74 water for the main hemisphere, and it felt that the upper plate was too shallow and overheated. Under the same odds of Ladbrokes, the Premier League home team won 4 wins and 1 loss last season. The first choice is 3, but it is recommended to be large and cold, and 3/0 is recommended. 04 West Ham United VS Newcastle West Ham United's previous record was win-loss-win-loss, and Newcastle suffered a two-game losing streak. Since 2002, Newcastle has maintained an advantage of 5 wins and 4 draws against West Ham United. Ladbrokes opened the handicap of 2.08 water in the main handicap hemisphere, and the water level in the upper plate was too high, which was unfavorable to play. Under the same odds of Ladbrokes, the Premier League home team had 1 draw and 2 losses last season. Although West Ham invited former Italian striker Zola to give advice, they were not optimistic that a coach change would bring good luck to West Ham, and the football lottery went 1/0. 05 Bolton VS Arsenal Bolton has not won 3 consecutive rounds and is in a very bad state. Arsenal have won two consecutive league games, and the attacking line has amazing firepower. Bolton maintained a record of 3 wins, 1 draw and 1 loss against Arsenal at home in recent years. Ladbrokes opened a handicap of 2.14 for a handicap, which felt full. Ladbrokes under the same odds, the 2006-07 season so far, the Premier League home team has 2 draws and 7 losses, including Arsenal's 2-1 win away from Charlton. For small funds, choose 0, and add 1 for large bets. 06 West Brom VS Aston Villa West Brom won their first win of the season last round, and Villa scored 4 points against Liverpool and Tottenham. Ladbrokes gave the home team a draw of 1.64 water, which was inconsistent with the strength of the two sides. Villa's attacking power is good, and the number of away goals can be ranked in the forefront. The visiting team should at least give up the tie. Under the same odds of Ladbrokes, the Premier League home team has 3 draws and 3 losses so far in the 2006-07 season. Football Lottery suggests that the first choice is 1, and the second choice is 0. 07 Chelsea VS Manchester United Chelsea have won all at home so far this season. Manchester United have only won in Portsmouth in the new season. The red card of the home team captain John Terry in the last round was cancelled and he can play at Manchester United. In the past 5 seasons, the Blues have maintained an absolute advantage of 4 wins and 1 draw against the Red Devils at Stamford Bridge. Ladbrokes gave the handicap of 1.86 water for the main handicap, and the water level in the upper plate opened lower, which is good for Chelsea. Ladbrokes lost the same European losses. Since 2007, the home team of the Premier League has won 1 and drew 1. The home team is undefeated. 08 Manchester City VS Portsmouth