The identification of the embryonic mummy in Tutankhamun's tomb (picture) The identification of the embryonic mummy in Tutankhamun's tomb. International Online Zhuangao: Tutankhamun lived more than 3,000 years ago and was one of the last pharaohs of the 18th Dynasty of ancient Egypt. He died mysteriously at the age of 19. Scientists are not sure whether the young pharaoh had children. In 1922, archaeologists discovered two embryonic mummies in its tomb. Recently, according to the identification of DNA technology, scientists have determined that these are the twin daughters of Tutankhamun who died before they were born. It was Tutankhamun's twin daughters. In 1922, an archaeological team led by British archaeologist Howard Carter discovered Tutankhamun's tomb, and then they found two more large and small statues next to Tutankhamun. Different embryonic mummies. Experts speculate that, apparently, their relationship is unusual and may be Tutankhamun's daughter. Robert Connolly, an anatomist at the University of Liverpool in the UK who was involved in the analysis of the pharaoh's tomb, said preliminary tests on the embryonic mummies showed they were father-daughter with Tutankhamun. "I compared the blood type data of the larger mummy in the embryo with that of Tutankhamun and found that she was Tutankhamun's daughter." "The focus of this DNA test is to compare the two mummies. , found them to be twin sisters. Although they were slightly different in size, they were both Tutankhamun's daughters and fit the scene of Tutankhamun's young wife's first pregnancy." Find out what the Pharaoh Professor Connolly, who suffered from the disease, added: "This is an exciting discovery that not only tells us more about the life of the pharaoh who died young, but also tells us more about his lineage." The embryonic mummies have been stored at Cairo University since their discovery by archaeologists in 1922. Egyptologists have long debated their identities: whether they were Tutankhamun's children, or whether they were placed in a tomb as a symbolic purpose to give the pharaoh a new life after his death. There is no historical record of Tutankhamun's death. Although archaeologists found a mark of injury on his head when examining his mummy, it was partially healed before his death, possibly an accidental injury, but the possibility of assassination is not ruled out. Because according to the X-ray photos, there is a dark spot on the lower part of the back of his head, indicating that he may have a chronic trauma to the back of his head. Rosalie Davey, of the University of Manchester, said: "Tutankhamun was one of Egypt's most important pharaohs, he was a mysterious figure, but his tomb and mummy give us a lot of information about life in ancient Egypt We believe that we will gain more from him.” (Shen Shuhua) Related reports: Egyptian Pharaoh Tutankhamun reveals his true face on Mount Lu (Photo) Behind Tutankhamun’s housewarming: the condition of most mummies is deteriorating in Tutankhamun’s tomb Embryonic mummy identity determination. International Online Zhuangao: Tutankhamun lived more than 3,000 years ago and was one of the last pharaohs of the 18th Dynasty of ancient Egypt. He died mysteriously at the age of 19. Scientists are not sure whether the young pharaoh had children. In 1922, archaeologists discovered two embryonic mummies in its tomb. Recently, according to the identification of DNA technology, scientists have determined that these are the twin daughters of Tutankhamun who died before they were born. It was Tutankhamun's twin daughters. In 1922, an archaeological team led by British archaeologist Howard Carter discovered Tutankhamun's tomb, and then they found two more large and small statues next to Tutankhamun. Different embryonic mummies. Experts speculate that, apparently, their relationship is unusual and may be Tutankhamun's daughter. Robert Connolly, an anatomist at the University of Liverpool in the UK who was involved in the analysis of the pharaoh's tomb, said preliminary tests on the embryonic mummies showed they were father-daughter with Tutankhamun. "I compared the blood type data of the larger mummy in the embryo with that of Tutankhamun and found that she was Tutankhamun's daughter." "The focus of this DNA test is to compare the two mummies. , found them to be twin sisters. Although they were slightly different in size, they were both Tutankhamun's daughters and fit the scene of Tutankhamun's young wife's first pregnancy." Find out what the Pharaoh Professor Connolly, who suffered from the disease, added: "This is an exciting discovery that not only tells us more about the life of the pharaoh who died young, but also tells us more about his lineage." The embryonic mummies have been stored at Cairo University since their discovery by archaeologists in 1922. Egyptologists have long debated their identities: whether they were Tutankhamun's children, or whether they were placed in a tomb as a symbolic purpose to give the pharaoh a new life after his death. There is no historical record of Tutankhamun's death. Although archaeologists found a mark of injury on his head when examining his mummy, it was partially healed before his death, possibly an accidental injury, but the possibility of assassination is not ruled out. Because according to the X-ray photos, there is a dark spot on the lower part of the back of his head, indicating that he may have a chronic trauma to the back of his head. Rosalie Davey, of the University of Manchester, said: "Tutankhamun was one of Egypt's most important pharaohs, he was a mysterious figure, but his tomb and mummy give us a lot of information about life in ancient Egypt We believe that we will gain more from him.” (Shen Shuhua) Related reports: Egyptian Pharaoh Tutankhamun reveals his true face on Mount Lu (Photo) Behind Tutankhamun’s housewarming: the condition of most mummies is deteriorating