The compensation asking price for a demolition household in Chaonei is 200,000 per square meter (picture) News from this newspaper that the dilapidated and old houses located on the southwest side of Chaoyangmen Bridge (belonging to Dongcheng District) have been renovated for 7 years. At present, there are still 3 residents who have not moved out. A resident asked for compensation for demolition of more than 200,000 yuan per square meter in cash and houses. Because these conditions could not be met, the head office responsible for the demolition work said yesterday that they had submitted a help report to the Dongcheng District government. Report for help from ZHUZHUFA Yesterday, the reporter learned from ZHUZHU that in order to ensure the start of construction of the project, they have formulated a compensation plan in accordance with the demolition compensation standard and prepared sufficient housing resources for the demolition households to choose from, but these 3 households left behind The requirements of households far exceed policy regulations and market standards. At the same time, many residents who have been demolished in the interior area also have opinions, and demand to be resettled with reference to the compensation standard for the remaining households. In order to solve this problem as soon as possible, they submitted a report to the Dongcheng District Government on "Requesting Assistance in Handling the Leftover Households in Kaiheng South District, Dongcheng District". The Housing Corporation urges the Dongcheng District government and relevant departments to take necessary measures for the three remaining households to maintain the normal order of demolition. The three family members stood firm for 24 hours. Yesterday, the reporter came to the demolition site and found that the surrounding area was blocked. Looking in from the only entrance and exit on the west side of the plot, you can only see the high mounds. Only after crossing the mounds can you see three families lined up in the north and south of the Second Ring Road. The reporter found that in addition to one that did not rent, the other two also had several tenants. According to the tenants, they have all lived here for several years, and because of the low rent, they live here as long as the landlord does not notify the demolition. However, I heard that it will be demolished soon, and the three landlords will arrange for someone to guard the house 24 hours a day, for fear that someone will come to them to negotiate. "I think it's almost over and we have to leave," said one tenant. Chaoyangmen SOHO bought the site It is understood that the renovation of the dilapidated old houses in Chaonei started in July 2002, involving more than 6,300 households. At that time, the compensation for demolition was mainly carried out in accordance with the "Beijing Implementation Measures for Accelerating Urban Renovation of Old Houses (Trial)" (hereinafter referred to as the "Measures"). According to this method, households who meet the compensation conditions can choose a combination of local relocation, monetary compensation and resettlement in different places. After 6 years of demolition and reconstruction, most of the demolished households have already received cash compensation, or have lived in relocated houses built on the same site or chose affordable housing in Cuicheng. At present, the uncompleted demolition area is the land of Kaiheng South District, with a land area of 432,000 square meters, which belongs to the remaining part of the dilapidated and old houses in the interior. There were originally 10 relocated households in the plot. Since they were successfully sold to Chaoyangmen SOHO last year, 7 households have been moved out one after another. However, no agreement has been reached with the remaining 3 households. This year, the project was listed as one of the key projects in Beijing, and the construction of the project is imminent. -Visiting the demolition households and asking for compensation of over 200,000 per square meter. The reporter found at the house of the demolition household Wang Xi (pseudonym) that she has 4 private houses with a construction area of 42.1 square meters. She asked for 4.08 million yuan in monetary compensation and free resettlement of 3 sets of three houses. According to the current average price of 20,000 yuan per square meter of second-hand houses around Chaoyangmen, Wang Xi's total compensation price is 9.48 million yuan. Divided by the area of her house, the compensation per square meter reaches 225,000 yuan. According to the previously announced "Measures" for compensation, Wang Xi should resettle a three-bedroom suite or compensate 360,000 yuan in cash. Obviously, Wang Xi's current asking price is much higher than the compensation standard. "The compensation I want is calculated based on calculations, not blindly." Wang Xi told reporters that after many negotiations, she proposed compensation for 5 relocated houses, but she learned that two of the low-rise houses, Not the main room she wanted. That can only be converted into cash, so according to the current price of at least 2 million yuan per set, two sets are 4 million yuan, plus other compensation of 80,000 yuan, the total monetary compensation should be 4.08 million yuan. It is understood that Wang Xi is a uremia patient and needs to do dialysis every other day. She said that she did not want her future medical expenses to become a burden on her children. Two rooms want to replace 15 suites It is understood that another demolition household, Liu Nan (pseudonym), has two private rooms with a construction area of 26.1 square meters. His widow and 4 children insisted that each family house 15 houses in 3 suites. In this regard, his family members said in an interview that the asking price of 15 suites does not have any evidence, but they are still talking with the general manager, and they are reluctant to talk about others. The family also believes that each place to be demolished has its own specific situation, each place is similar, and the regional functions are different, so it is impossible to unify the standard for demolition. They have lived in this vacant lot for 7 years, and rainwater pours into it on rainy days. How to calculate the spiritual compensation fee, this cannot be explained or measured. In addition, the last demolition household, Huang Ying (pseudonym), was ordered by the court to vacate the house to the original owner as early as 2001 before the demolition and demolition. Therefore, Huang Ying did not belong to the resettlement object of the dangerous reconstruction, but Huang Ying built it by himself. housing, but still require resettlement. -Voice from all parties Government: not participating in compensation negotiation According to the relevant person in charge of Dongcheng District Housing Management Office, the compensation standard for the renovation of dilapidated and old houses in Chaonei area is based on the "Measures". None of them participated in the compensation negotiation between the demolishing party and the demolished. As for the demolition party raising the compensation standard for demolition, it is a matter for both parties to negotiate. Only when the two sides can't reach an agreement will they adjudicate. Only then will they learn of the compensation requirements of both parties. The main content of the ruling is mainly to clarify the compensation standards and conditions to both parties again, which mainly plays the role of mediation. "The history of old houses is very complicated." The person in charge said that these old houses have a long history. What was the situation in the past, was it rented or lent? What happened when the certificate was issued? Are there any deals in between? All have to go to the archives to check, each household is different. Therefore, the conditions for determining compensation must be different, which will easily lead to differences in demolition compensation for houses with similar basic conditions on the surface. Residential Director: Will not compromise with the relocated households. The relevant person in charge of the Residential Corporation said that the compensation requirements of the 3 relocated households are extremely high, and they cannot agree to the current compensation requirements. If the demolition households still insist, they will consider applying to the court to initiate the forced demolition procedure. The person in charge said that the state has clear regulations on compensation for demolition and relocation of dilapidated houses. In the early stage of the demolition, they made public announcements in accordance with this regulation, and issued an open letter to the residents here. "In the end, no one will leave until the compensation standard is raised." He said that the current demolition environment causes those who abide by the regulations to suffer losses, and those who do not comply with the regulations can benefit. "We also relax the standards appropriately based on each family's own situation." The person in charge said that in the face of such an environment, they had to negotiate with each family. Most of the compensation standards are relatively realistic, and can also meet the requirements of the demolished. He felt that in a normal demolition environment, incentives should be given to those demolition households who leave first, while restrictions should be imposed on those who put forward extremely high demands. Therefore, they will never compromise with these three relocated households this time. The person in charge also said that the national and local governments are now more cautious about forced demolition, but when necessary, they will seek help from relevant departments and courts and apply for forced demolition. -Expert Opinions Opaque demolition and relocation can easily breed greed, said Mao Shoulong, director of the Institute of Administrative Management at Renmin University of China. The compensation requirement of more than 200,000 yuan per square meter is indeed a bit high. However, demolition is also a market behavior, and the government cannot forcibly interfere. As their own property, everyone will have their own value standards in their hearts, so it is impossible to reach a unified standard. "But excessive requirements will affect the interests of others." Mao Shoulong said that the opacity of the current demolition market is indeed easy to breed greed, and the land market is closely linked with the real estate market. Individual excessive requirements actually affect the future purchase of this land. interests of the owners. - Talk to the demolition households. I don't trust them 100%. Reporter: Do you understand the demolition policy? Wang Xi: Where do I learn about the policy? I think they don't come up with good policies, so we suffer. The state sends policies to them, but not to us. No matter how good the policies in the document are, they can delete the good ones for us to see. I have 100% distrust of them. Reporter: What is the biggest problem encountered in the negotiation? Wang Xi: The demolition party always replaces people. The last person agreed to the conditions, and the next time we talk about changing people, he says no. Hopes are always in vain. I just hope that whoever can decide who will come to talk, every time I talk about it, my heart throbs. Once, I went to see the room, but when I saw the room, I said that I could not agree to the conditions. They don't talk, and they say I don't talk. Reporter: Are you worried about forced demolition? Wang Xi: At the beginning, they forcibly demolished it. When we were not at home, they dismantled the door and took away all the pots, pans, pans, bedding, etc. I later called the police and they admitted it. This part of the compensation fee is included in the compensation I propose this time. However, I haven't encountered it in the past two or three years, and the water and electricity have not been interrupted. Reporter: Did you consider your illness and want more in compensation? Wang Xi: I haven't considered that I am sick, but this time the compensation should be counted. I mainly think about my two daughters, at least they want a house for each of them. And my husband, although he ran away from home a few years ago, he has to have a place to live when he comes back, and I have to have a place to live myself. Reporter: Is it true that the later the demolition, the more compensation? Wang Xi: That's definitely true, the difference is too big. There were many people who suffered losses in the first few years, and they also looked for the demolition party afterwards. Some people only asked for 140,000 square meters for a house of more than ten square meters, and they could not afford to buy a house later. Later, someone took 3 suites, 600,000 and left. This is all I know. But those who go early can pick a house with a good direction, and now she can only pick it in some partial houses. Reporter: How did the demolition affect your family? How does your family feel about the demolition? Wang Xi: Do you think this home is a home? Everyone was anxious, but they didn't show it. Don't chat, the family of three will hug their heads and cry as soon as they chat. I want my child to walk on my body and I am willing. When they have a house, they can work themselves, and they can live a peaceful life, then I can die. Reporter: What do you think of the demolition? Wang Xi: Demolition is a good thing. I don't know how it became like this. I don't understand. We have conflicts with the demolition party, and many families also have conflicts. There was a commotion in the family. There were five people in a family of half-parents. The father died and was left to the son. The elder brother did not give it to the younger sister. The family became enemies. This edition is written by reporter Zhai? I want to comment