The originator of group buying network enters China: spoiler or terminator? □ Li Er Groupon will join hands with Tencent to form a joint venture company to realize the curve entry into China. This is a major event that has been widely rumored on the Internet. Although Tencent does not comment on this matter, Groupon has already started large-scale recruitment and The new group-buying website is rumored to be online as soon as two weeks. Groupon, the originator of the global group buying website; Tencent, the largest client in China. A group buying market is scorched everywhere; one is called the "public enemy of the whole people" in the domestic Internet industry. What impact will the combination of the two have on the current hot group buying market? Founded in November 2008, Groupon is the founder of the "Daily One Group" online group buying model and is currently the world's largest group buying website. Its main model is to push only one discounted product per day, ultra-low discounts, and limited shooting per person per day. Once, the service is regional. After attracting a certain number of buyers, the supplier will be charged 50% of the transaction commission; if the minimum number of purchasers is not reached, the transaction will be cancelled. The products are mainly to provide service products such as restaurants, hotels, beauty, fitness, training, etc. More than 80% of domestic group buying websites are imitating Groupon. In fact, Groupon has been planning to enter China for a long time. In the second half of last year, it was reported in the industry that it was negotiating acquisitions with websites such as Lashou.com, but in the end, they did not reach a deal. But now it is joining hands with Tencent, which indicates that Groupon has given up It is a common practice to enter the local market through acquisitions, but it uses Tencent's most sticky hundreds of millions of users to cut into the domestic group buying market. No group buying website can underestimate its lethality. Mature operation mode, strong brand and capital, huge traffic and loyal user base will obviously make the current regional group buying websites feel more pressure. However, what worries everyone the most is Groupon's trump card - requiring merchants to sign exclusivity agreements with it, which means that the pot where everyone drinks soup together may eventually become a bowl for Groupon to eat meat alone. Of course, the group buying websites that can stand out in the "Thousand Regiments War" are not vegetarians. The enemy's current consensus has finally brought domestic group buying websites together. A few days ago, Feng Xiaohai, CEO of Manzuo.com, Wu Bo, CEO of Lashou.com, Lin Ning, CEO of F Group, and representatives of 58.com, Kutuan, and a group of group buying and navigation companies reached a "strategic alliance", and they agreed that group buying websites would no longer communicate with each other. Attacks, not blindly raising the cost of promotion, and not malicious poaching are three principles. Although we are not in favor of industry alliances for the sake of safeguarding the interests of consumers, we still welcome the alliances of the nature of self-discipline in the industry. A healthy platform for competition, not one specific competitor. A good market soil is the foundation for the healthy development of the industry. Whether Groupon's entry into China will repeat the path of Google and Yahoo? The group buying market that has just been sorted out has fallen into vicious competition. After all, it is difficult to establish a benign business order with a scorched-earth strategy.