360° omnidirectional lighting R&F Bay's new villas are recently presented to Beijing R&F Bay (forum album apartment type model room review map search), as a masterpiece of modern villas, located in the Mapo villa group in Shunyi New City, Beijing, with its own outstanding performance and rich connotation , has been fully affirmed by the market and home buyers. Recently, R&F Bay will launch 30 new out-of-print single-family villas in mid-to-late September, bringing a more appealing and comfortable living experience in 2010. It is reported that the new villas that will be launched soon are of top quality in terms of product function, planning pattern and value scale, and are the best choice for pursuing a modern living atmosphere and enhancing the living experience. R&F's chief villa masterpiece, the riverside scenery is fully in the heart. With the Chaobai River villa area coming from behind, driven by the high-quality villas headed by R&F Bay, coupled with the surrounding Chaobai River Golden Waterway, National Forest Park and Olympic Water Park , the Shunyi New Town Mapo Group has become the preferred livable place for more and more wealthy and intellectual classes in the capital. R&F Real Estate (enterprise area, its real estate) has made R&F Bay, the chief villa masterpiece in Beijing, an architectural masterpiece that pays tribute to modernism. There are a total of 329 villas in R&F Bay, which are built according to the plan of high north and low south, relying on the original landform, and they are scattered. The plot ratio is only 0.5. According to relevant policies, the state will not approve the construction of such a low plot ratio. Undoubtedly, R&F Bay will become a rare and treasured artwork. 116 kinds of rare trees are distributed on the sloping land in layers, forming a half-hidden and half-open beautiful skyline with the buildings, which conveys the modern elite temperament incisively and vividly. Water is the soul of the community. The central landscape lake uses a circulating water ecosystem to keep the water clear at all times, adding freshness to the life of the villa. The planning of the water system is smooth and natural, ensuring that the individual buildings can achieve the sharing of ecological resources, and the superior taste of pure nature will be quietly displayed in the well-proportioned buildings. In addition to the internal show, the location of R&F Bay also reflects the power of external repair. The Chaobai River area is recognized as the best villa in Beijing. Chaobai River Golden Waterway, National Forest Park, Olympic Water Park, Golf Club, Racecourse, Ski Resort, Niulanshan No.1 Middle School Park and human resources all add to the villa life in R&F Bay. 360° omnidirectional lighting, the ultimate living room. Eslite's rich product forms and unique values are the unique symbols of R&F Bay in the villa field. The building adheres to the consistent tradition of the R&F brand, and is remarkable in the overall situation and details: the humanized layout design of R&F Bay is ultimately reflected in the architectural details, with moderation as the premise and comfort as the goal; The layout is square and the moving lines are reasonable. While emphasizing comfort, it realizes the details of each floor and every place to ensure privacy and completeness of functions; in large-scale design, more attention is paid to fine thinking to eliminate the waste of area. , while in the relatively more detailed atmosphere creation, it shows a sparse space experience. Whether it is a large floor-to-ceiling bay window, an open atrium garden, or a walk-in sun terrace, there is a free and easy life proposition everywhere. The 360° omnidirectional lighting of R&F Bay Modern Villa is specially tailored according to the climate, light and geographical characteristics of Beijing area, fully showing the distinctive features of the single-family villa in R&F Bay, "born for the modern upper-class people in Beijing". Since ancient times, the architectural layout of Beijing has always been about facing the north and facing the south. The purpose is to get as much light as possible to make the interior bright and open. The new single-family villas launched by R&F Bay this time bring the advantages of lighting into full play. The comprehensive lighting design is further based on the traditional, more spacious and more transparent, so that there is no blind spot of light in the room, so that nature and The family seamlessly integrates into one, further enhancing the quality of life. The units of 422-563? are moderate in size and elegant in layout, and the pure and luxurious living atmosphere is unobstructed here. Its simple and modern appearance maximizes the space and comfort that the villa should have. The oversized sky garden, the spacious private courtyard, the Chinese and Western kitchens, etc., together with the lines and textures of modern villas, present a picture of modern life in front of the world. Whether it is the elegant and open building structure or the spacious and quiet underground space, there is a large area of lighting, so that the occupants can be bathed in sunshine and breeze all the time, and enjoy the beauty of life. The clear moving lines and rational distribution of space functions ensure the privacy of the owner's life and the complete experience of living life. The overall design is bright and cheerful, which ensures the thoughtful and rigorous details. In addition to the above-mentioned values, the new villas of R&F Bay also ingeniously set up large-scale and high-rise spaces in the first and second floors where guests and friends gather, showing a grand and elegant demeanor, so that every part of the space can be perfectly borne their respective functions. The reception room on the basement floor is specially prepared for the host's private friends; the living room on the ground floor is used for business/official meetings. Family background; at the same time, the family room on the second floor on the ground is not to be followed. The high-rise space fully creates the joy and freedom of family gatherings, allowing family members to gather together in a free and unrestrained atmosphere; the owner of the third floor The house is the center of the entire mansion, where the owner can enjoy the most comprehensive living functions and the most core value of life experience. The ultimate human-oriented villa is born for the modern high-end crowd. From the perspective of the consumption of the entire market, including the high-end consumption tendency, modern people are increasingly pursuing modern design style products. The simple and concise style of modern architecture is reflected more and more fully in the current residential design, and it has become the most mainstream architectural concept in the current architectural design. All success of R&F Bay is inseparable from R&F's brand concept of "green real estate experts, everything starts from the heart". It is "people-oriented" that puts people first, that R&F's products have been continuously sought after by the market. R&F deeply understands that developers are not only providers of lifestyles, but also bearers of social responsibilities. It is these two roles that drive R&F to constantly think and innovate on the way forward. As the new modern villa of Beijing R&F Bay is about to come out, in order to thank the market and the majority of home buyers for their long-term attention and love to R&F Bay, a new 430? model room has been opened for new and old customers to appreciate and visit. Beijing R&F Bay warmly welcomes you to the sales center, and the fresh and elegant villa life is looking forward to your arrival! i want to comment