Scene: The United Arab assists to help teammates take off. The Wizards trail the Cavaliers by 8 points at halftime. The two teams were eager to attack and then each made a low-level error. The Cavaliers took the lead in finding the rhythm and succeeded in two consecutive attacks. The Wizards adopted the tactic that the big player mentioned the line to catch the ball. After cooperating with Wall’s pick-and-roll, Alian made a pass, but did not force a shot. It was observed that Nick Yang was unguarded outside the three-point line on the right, and he was decisive. Pointing the ball, the latter made a solid three-pointer. At this time, the Wizards were the pair of Wall and Arenas in the backcourt, but the two did not cooperate well, especially when Arenas was holding the ball, Wall was even more at a loss. When the ball is played, the Cavaliers can boldly double-team. The Wizards' offense came to a standstill. The Cavaliers overtake the score. Sanders made adjustments, successively replaced the United Arab and Armstrong, replaced McGee and Bu Laiqie. And with Wall in control of the ball. With the efforts of McGee and Bu Laiqie, the Wizards scored inside and successfully blocked an inside attack from the Cavaliers. At 7 minutes and 09 seconds, Arenas made a low-level mistake when he passed to Wall on the fast break. The cooperation between the two really needs to be run in. At 6 minutes and 21 seconds, Arenas made another mistake when passing the ball. After that, the Cavaliers began to bloom inside and out. After Hickson succeeded in dunking, the general was eager to counterattack and missed the mid-range shot. Turning back, Hickson got the ball inside and was double-teamed. Nick Young was out of position on defense and Anthony Parker received the ball. Decisive shot, hit, the point difference was widened to 11 points, Sanders had to request a timeout. At 2 minutes and 43 seconds, Yi Jianlian appeared again, but unfortunately missed the shot. At 1 minute and 53 seconds, Hinrich fired again and hit a three-pointer, but Parker also hit a three-pointer. After McGee missed a layup, the United Arab Emirates On the defensive end, Hickson's walking violation was successfully caused. Hinrich made two points in the inside line, and caused Moon to foul. He scored a 3-pointer with an extra penalty and succeeded in hitting a 3-pointer. , then the United Arab pass layup. The end of the second quarter, the Wizards 51-59 Cavaliers. Hinrich made 6 of 8 shots and 17 points, the UAE made 0 of 2 shots, 0 points, 2 assists, 1 block, and 1 rebound. (Grass Head King) Sina Sports News in the second quarter, the United Arab shot at the basket, the ball knocked out of the frame. The two teams were eager to attack and then each made a low-level error. The Cavaliers took the lead in finding the rhythm and succeeded in two consecutive attacks. The Wizards adopted the tactic that the big player mentioned the line to catch the ball. After cooperating with Wall’s pick-and-roll, Alian made a pass, but did not force a shot. It was observed that Nick Yang was unguarded outside the three-point line on the right, and he was decisive. Pointing the ball, the latter made a solid three-pointer. At this time, the Wizards were the pair of Wall and Arenas in the backcourt, but the two did not cooperate well, especially when Arenas was holding the ball, Wall was even more at a loss. When the ball is played, the Cavaliers can boldly double-team. The Wizards' offense came to a standstill. The Cavaliers overtake the score. Sanders made adjustments, successively replaced the United Arab and Armstrong, replaced McGee and Bu Laiqie. And with Wall in control of the ball. With the efforts of McGee and Bu Laiqie, the Wizards scored inside and successfully blocked an inside attack from the Cavaliers. At 7 minutes and 09 seconds, Arenas made a low-level mistake when he passed to Wall on the fast break. The cooperation between the two really needs to be run in. At 6 minutes and 21 seconds, Arenas made another mistake when passing the ball. After that, the Cavaliers began to bloom inside and out. After Hickson succeeded in dunking, the general was eager to counterattack and missed the mid-range shot. Turning back, Hickson got the ball inside and was double-teamed. Nick Young was out of position on defense and Anthony Parker received the ball. Decisive shot, hit, the point difference was widened to 11 points, Sanders had to request a timeout. At 2 minutes and 43 seconds, Yi Jianlian appeared again, but unfortunately missed the shot. At 1 minute and 53 seconds, Hinrich fired again and hit a three-pointer, but Parker also hit a three-pointer. After McGee missed a layup, the United Arab Emirates On the defensive end, Hickson's walking violation was successfully caused. Hinrich made two points in the inside line, and caused Moon to foul. He scored a 3-pointer with an extra penalty and succeeded in hitting a 3-pointer. , then the United Arab pass layup. The end of the second quarter, the Wizards 51-59 Cavaliers. Hinrich made 6 of 8 shots and 17 points, the UAE made 0 of 2 shots, 0 points, 2 assists, 1 block, and 1 rebound. (Grass Head King)