Hunan Welfare Lottery Lottery Winning 7 Million Detained for Three Years on Suspected Fake Tickets On August 31, 2007, the Yu Hai case was held for the fourth time. Before that, the procuratorate had withdrawn the prosecution due to insufficient evidence, but Yu Hai was not released. Later, the prosecution was re-indicted, but there was no new evidence. . The case has not yet come to a conclusion. A person who has been following the case for a long time analyzed: The more important significance of the Yu Hai case is to show the rough procedures of the lottery prize redemption process, and the handling mode of the "presumption of guilt" for lottery players in the case of fake tickets should also end. . "? Oriental Weekly" reporter Huang Zhijie / Changsha, Yiyang reported from senior lottery players to fraud suspects, what kind of story did a person holding a 7 million yuan lottery ticket experience? The Yu Hai case shows the roughness of the lottery redemption process. This is the most bizarre case of fake tickets in the 20 years since the Welfare Lottery was issued. The most bizarre case of fake votes in the past 20 years, on August 31, 2007, the Intermediate People's Court of Yiyang City, Hunan Province. The Hunan 7 million yuan Welfare Lottery fake ticket case was held for the fourth time. On December 16, 2004, 32-year-old Yu Hai went to the Hunan Provincial Welfare Lottery Center to redeem the prizes—one bet for the first prize and the second prize, with a total bonus of 7,009,002 yuan. However, the Welfare Lottery Center believed that the lottery ticket was a fake lottery ticket a few days later. Yu Hai was immediately detained on suspicion of huge fraud. The large amount and the bizarre process make this case the most bizarre case of fake tickets in the 20 years since the Welfare Lottery was issued so far. The case has not been made public for three years. Around Yu Hai, a native of Shenyang, and the fake lottery ticket with a prize of 7 million yuan, there is one mystery after another: Who made this fake lottery ticket? Who moved the lottery tickets in the safe during the sealing process? If it is fake, where did Yu Hai get such a strong confidence to redeem the prize generously? If it is fake, when the Welfare Lottery Center has major flaws in sealing, why doesn't Yu Hai catch it? If it is fraudulent, as an old lottery player who bought more than 200,000 lottery tickets, how come he doesn't know that fraud has to pass through the database? Fake or not, what psychological process did Yu Hai win before and after his arrest... The devil lies in the details. After restoring the truth of the incident, our reporter found that this crime accused of "high IQ" violated a series of basic logic. "Yin and Yang" won the prize of 7 million. The reporter's investigation began with Cao Pengfei, the owner of the Yixintai Road Welfare Lottery Betting Station in Yiyang City. He was the main witness of the case. After the incident, an old expert from the Ministry of Public Security made a special trip came and put him through a series of polygraph tests, which proved that he was always very honest. His testimony has also become evidence jointly adopted by the police, the public prosecutor and the defense lawyer of the defendant Yu Hai. Cao Pengfei introduced to Wang Dongfang Weekly: The lottery tickets involved were bought at his betting shop at 2 pm on December 14, 2004. Yu Hai is from Shenyang. He married Jia Weiwei, a girl from Yiyang, a year ago. He lived in Yiyang at the time. In the two months before that, Yu Hai bought welfare lottery tickets and sports lottery tickets here. Each time he spent thousands of yuan. , the cumulative investment has exceeded 200,000 yuan, and is the largest customer of this betting station. Although the biggest prize in the Welfare Lottery does not exceed one thousand yuan. However, Yu Hai was obviously infatuated. He took out a list and asked Cao Pengfei to enter the numbers one by one to play about 300 lottery tickets, all of which were two-color ball duplex tickets "6+2". Yu Hai wrapped all the tickets in a plastic bag, tied them with tape, and put them in Cao Pengfei's safekeeping, taking only the bottom ticket. "We are the same age, we get along very well, and we have a good relationship. He is very at ease with me. His wife is against buying so many lottery tickets every time, and she is worried that bringing them back will cause conflicts." Cao Pengfei said that Yu Hai often put lottery tickets with him. The next afternoon, Yu Hai came to the transfusion station again. Cao Pengfei took all the tickets out of the plastic bag and tried a few tickets with automatic redemption. Then, Yu Hai asked him to compare it manually. There were many ticket buyers at that time, and Cao Pengfei let Yu Hai be right. After watching it for a while, Yu Hai looked a little impatient: "Alas! There's no big prize anyway, so let's throw it away." After speaking, he threw all the lottery tickets in the trash can under Cao Pengfei's desk - this is also Yu Hai's habit at the station , disdain small prizes, and throw away all lottery tickets without big prizes. Cao Pengfei said, "There are always a few small prizes." He picked up the tickets from the wastebasket and put them back in the plastic bag. After Yu Hai left, Cao Pengfei checked it manually and found 37 tickets with prizes, although they were all 5 Yuan small prize, but it still makes him very happy. At this time, the computer still couldn't redeem the prize automatically, so Cao Pengfei had to repackage the ticket and put it in the drawer. On the third day, December 16, 2004, Cao Pengfei went to the opening of the betting station in the morning and found that Yu Hai was waiting at the door early: "Xiao Cao, look at my bottom slip, there is a 6+2 double-entry ticket on it, is it a hit? 6 red balls? Second prize!" Cao Pengfei looked at the bottom sheet, and it was true. This time, he was in a hurry, because when he checked his computer yesterday, he found that the biggest prize in his station was only 2,000 yuan. So, he and Yu Hai took out all the tickets from the drawer and spread them out. Finally, they found a lottery ticket. There were two bets on this lottery ticket: the first six numbers in one group of numbers were the same as the bottom ticket, and they were the two blue balls in the back. wrong. "07" and "13" are on the sea slip, and "01" and "03" on the lottery ticket. "Oh! Xiao Cao, why did you type my ticket wrong?" Yu Hai said. "I made the wrong ticket for you and won the first prize. You still don't thank me!" Cao Pengfei said. In this way, Yu Hai won the first prize and the second prize on this lottery ticket. The total prize money is 7,009,002 yuan, which is a super prize! Redemption: more than 300 lottery tickets that cannot be verified. "When I was about to redeem the prize, someone suddenly approached Yu Hai and said that there was a project to discuss. Yu Hai said to me: I am a customer in a hurry, please help me report my winning first. Yes." Cao Pengfei said that Yu Hai gave him the original lottery ticket, made a copy himself, and asked Cao Pengfei to sign on the copy. Cao Pengfei runs the first welfare lottery betting station in Yiyang, and he is also a relative of a leader of the Yiyang Welfare Lottery Center. Yu Hai explained that it was faster for Cao Peng to fly to reflect. Cao Pengfei then came to the computer room of Yiyang City Welfare Lottery Center. However, a major problem was found: the numbers on the lottery ticket with the same serial number transferred from the computer room were inconsistent with the lottery number in the current hand. That is to say, in the computer room of Yiyang Welfare Lottery Center, this lottery ticket did not win. Moreover, Yu Hai's other 300 lottery tickets could not be verified. In the afternoon, after informing the Hunan Provincial Welfare Lottery Center, Cai Chaoyang, director of the Yiyang City Welfare Lottery Center, Li Juewen, Cao Pengfei, the directors of the Heshan District Welfare Lottery Center, and a driver rushed to the Welfare Lottery Center of the Provincial Department of Civil Affairs. At that time, Yu Hai didn't know about this sudden change. "It was the weekend, but when we arrived at 4 o'clock, there were already a group of people waiting for us at the Welfare Lottery Center. They asked me to take the lottery ticket, and then asked me and the driver to wait outside, and they closed the door inside for a meeting. "Cao Pengfei said that the meeting lasted for more than an hour, and during this time, the lottery ticket was not in his hands. After the meeting and the lottery whereabouts meeting more than an hour before the seal was over, Cao Pengfei got the news that the lottery didn't match. After a leader came out of the conference room with a lottery ticket, he asked Cao Pengfei, "Can you confirm that this lottery ticket is the one you gave us?" "I had a vague feeling that something was wrong at the time. How can I identify it? I can't tell with the naked eye. But the leaders are here, and I didn't say anything." Cao Pengfei told our reporter. Then, around 6 o'clock in the evening, a welfare lottery center staff wrapped the lottery ticket that won the 7 million jackpot with a piece of ordinary letter paper from the welfare lottery center and stuck some glue. Then he picked up an ordinary envelope printed with the words "Social Welfare Lottery Prize Fundraising..." and put this lottery ticket and more than 300 other Yu Hai lottery tickets in it. At the seal, Cao Pengfei pressed a finger print. After sealing it with glue, it was put into a small safe in the office of Li Wenyu, deputy director of the Welfare Lottery Center. It was about 7 o'clock at the time. Afterwards, Cao Pengfei learned that the Welfare Lottery Center was carrying out a sealing procedure. "I haven't experienced such a process, but I don't think it's appropriate to give them the tickets. After all, Yu Hai was not there." Cao Pengfei said that at that time he asked the leaders of the Welfare Lottery Center on the scene: Do we want to call Yu Hai and ask After all, what happened if the votes didn’t match? But the answer was: "Don't talk about it, don't startle the snake." It was 12 o'clock in the evening when Cao Pengfei and Cai Chaoyang and other four people returned to Yiyang. The next day, on December 17, Cao Pengfei met Yu Hai. "When can I redeem the prize?" Yu Hai asked. "The lottery ticket has already been sent to the province. Wait for the notice." Cao Pengfei said, "However, the lottery ticket is a little off." "Is there such a strange thing?" Yu Hai replied. Cao Pengfei said that he was surprised when he saw Yu Hai, but he didn't react too impatiently. On December 19, the third day after sealing the lottery ticket, Cao Pengfei brought the betting machine in the betting station as required by the Welfare Lottery Center. The same four people accompanied Yu Hai last time, and together they came to the Welfare Lottery Center of the Provincial Department of Civil Affairs. Who moved this jackpot ticket during the storage period?