David's line of fire recommendation: Manchester City's impetuous name is not true Wolff low-key counterattack Black VS Fulham recommendation: 10 Blackburn have lost all of their previous two games, conceded 8 goals and only scored 1 goal, the new coach Paul Ince has been under a lot of pressure recently, Classes can be dismissed at any time. Fulham are only good at home, long-term poor away results. Judging from the record of the clash between the two teams, although Blackburn are stronger, they have only 5 wins, 1 draw and 3 losses at home against Fulham. In this game, Blackburn gave up the hemisphere high water. In the hemisphere, Blackburn's situation is indeed not good in the face of "away bug" opponents like Fulham. At present, in terms of European losses, the main win odds have increased to a certain extent. If the average odds of the main win on the spot increase significantly, and the mainstream companies maintain the status quo without change, or the Macau betting plate returns to even/half, it is recommended to consider the main win. From the current situation, the visiting team has a chance to score points. Liverpool VS Stoke recommendation: 3 The suspense of this game is not big, although Liverpool has a double game a week, but the Champions League reversed Marseille in the middle of the week, Gerrard scored two goals alone to restore the state is good news. And Stoke has been upset as a newly-promoted horse, but their away results are much worse, and it is difficult to get points from Liverpool. In the betting set, Liverpool gave up two goals. Although Liverpool had been unbeaten in 90 minutes of 19 games, it should be noted that in these 19 games, no matter how strong or weak the opponent was, Liverpool did not have a net victory over the opponent. Three goals or more. Therefore, it is obvious that the two-goal plate is now open, and it is obvious that Liverpool will win and lure it, so you can rest assured in this game. Tottenham VS Wigan Recommendation: 30 Tottenham’s performance this season has been disappointing. After introducing a number of powerful players, the team is at the bottom of the Premier League. Coach Ramos should understand his situation. It was at this time that Ramos took over from Joel, who had underperformed. Therefore, the home game against the weak Wigan is considered to be an excellent opportunity to rebound. However, in this game, most companies offered a half/one high water market. As long as Tottenham, who is in urgent need of rebounding to score points, wins, the betting in the last game will be profitable, and the water level in the last game is not low, which is a hope for Tottenham. Big win bets leave room for imagination. Although the main win in Europe has increased, the situation has improved a lot. Tottenham is not without a chance to win, but I am afraid that it can only win by one goal at most. West Ham VS Newcastle recommendation: 13 Both teams have gone through the process of changing coaches, so the state is not very good. West Ham had been undefeated in six rounds at home, but lost to newly-promoted West Brom in the last round, and the new coach Zola will still not personally command this game. Newcastle is also facing the problem of changing coaches. It was no accident that they lost at home to Hull City in the last round. The records of the clash between the two teams show that West Ham failed to beat Newcastle 9 times. Most of the betting games West Ham gave up the hemisphere high water, this disk seems to be difficult to win, but referring to the previous battle between the two teams, it is obvious that Newcastle has to accept the hemisphere when they have an absolute advantage. The coaching change dilemma, West Ham also has it, so the hemisphere is not a negation of the home team, the home team of Macau is betting on the plate, the home team gives up a flat/half low water, and is optimistic about the unbeaten West Ham. Bolton VS Arsenal recommendation: 0 Although Arsenal drew Dynamo Kyiv at the last minute of the Champions League away game in midweek, they scored 11 goals in their previous three games without conceding a single goal. Bolton's strength has declined this season, and it is definitely more difficult to avoid relegation than last season. Bolton used to be Arsenal's nemesis, but in the last three games against Arsenal, Bolton lost all of them. In this game, Arsenal gave up half/one low water away, which seems to be normal on the surface, but the visiting team went to Ukraine in the middle of the week, and also had to face the "nemesis" Bolton on the weekend. In this case, the half/one low water is there. It is very different. The European compensation aspect is very optimistic about Arsenal. After Arsenal ended their winning streak in the mid-week game, the odds of a away win did not rise but fell. Therefore, it is recommended to be bold in this game. West Brom VS Villa recommendation: 30 This is a small derby in Birmingham. Villa has been very successful in the transfer market this season, not only retaining the main players, but also introducing a number of powerful stars. Especially in terms of defensive counterattacks, Abanglaho, Ashley Young and center Carew are quite threatening. West Brom got their first home win of the season last round, so morale shook. However, the track record confrontation, West Brom failed to beat Villa 6 times. The betting plate Vera gave away a draw/half in the water. Judging from the derby relationship between the two sides, West Brom will not be conservative in this game, and Vera will get enough opportunities to counterattack. The current European loss also reflects this, and the customer wins. The rate has generally been lowered, but William Hill's guest win remains at 2.40, the highest in the market. Chelsea VS Manchester United recommendation: 13 The red and blue battle has been the main theme of the Premier League hegemony in recent seasons. During the Mourinho era, Chelsea dominated, but Manchester United have regained the championship in the last two seasons, and they also played against Chelsea. Gradually reverse the trend. Manchester United had suffered a relatively large personnel crisis before, but Cristiano Ronaldo has returned and can play at the weekend. In the betting plate, Chelsea gave up a flat/half-middle-low water. Based on the strength analysis of the two sides, it seems that they are evenly matched, but Manchester United's recent state is obviously not good, and it should be noted that Chelsea's unbeaten record at home, a draw/half loss and a half-win From the perspective of this game, it is more likely that the next game will be played. In terms of European losses, only the away wins have increased, and the flat losses have not changed much, so this game should be the first choice.