Blake's bench successfully took over from Fama and the Lakers' bench guard is getting better and better. Sina Sports News reporter Charles de Gaulle reported that last season, the Lakers often paired Fama and Shannon Brown in the rotation, using the speed of the two young guards to attack. opponent's line of defense. This season, although Fama left, the Lakers introduced Blake, who continued to play alongside Brown. This new pair of dual guards has also become a bench player for the Lakers, and has repeatedly made extraordinary contributions in the new season's four-game winning streak. On November 3, Beijing time, in the Lakers victory over the Grizzlies, both Brown and Blake played more than 20 minutes, and their performance on the court was equally remarkable. After the whole game, the two combined contributed 23 points. The most commendable thing is that the two made a total of 5 shots from the three-point line, all of which were hit. Such a strong outside firepower made the Grizzlies have no idea of counterattack at all, and gave up resistance early. In fact, the two of them showed very good form as early as the Lakers and Rockets' opener. In that game, Brown scored 16 points, and his 4 three-pointers became the key to the Lakers' go-ahead score. Blake Although his 10 points were relatively common, his final quasi-lore three-pointer became the winner of the game. Since that game, the new backcourt combination of Brown and Blake has become a great weapon for the Lakers to overcome the enemy. "We started to get bogged down until Shannon (Brown) and Steve (Blake) got on the court and they changed the game," Lakers coach Phil Jackson said of Brown and Brown after the opener. The evaluation of the Blake combination, "Both of them played very hard, and they gave the team a lot of support and motivation." From this game, Brown and Blake often played together, and whenever the Lakers came off the main force, When the team entered the rotation, Brown and Blake became the Lakers' offensive hub. The reason why the Lakers have won four straight seasons is due to the backup, and the leaders of the backup are the two guards Brown and Blake. "I think every game, as long as you come off the bench, your task is to bring energy to the team," this is what Blake asked for himself, while Brown was more to prove himself, "At first no one cared about me. , and I always knew where I was going, and I took the opportunity the team gave me and that was it," Brown said.