In the afternoon of April 19, GVA Hengxin Bodi, an international real estate consulting agency, held the 2010 media meeting at the Renaissance Beijing R&F Hotel, and gave a great insight into the real estate market. The development of the company was reviewed and prospected, and a special speech was given on professional market services such as business positioning and hotel-style services. This media meeting is the first stop of GVA Hengxin Bodi's four-city media meeting in the first half of 2010. The next three days will be held in Shenyang, Qingdao and Ningbo. Mr. Situ Jianqiang, CEO of GVA Hengxin Bodi, led the members of the board of directors, general managers of various regions and heads of business departments to attend the whole process. During the period, GVA Hengxin Bodi will also hold grand project signing ceremonies in Qingdao and Ningbo. GVA Hengxin Bodi is the branch of GVA Worldwide, a global real estate consulting agency, in Greater China. GVAWorldwide's business covers 28 countries and 106 cities around the world. In 2009, GVAWorldwide ranked the sixth most valuable brand in the global real estate industry in Lipsey. GVA Hengxin Bodi officially entered China in 2003 and is headquartered in Beijing. At present, it has established branches in 9 cities including Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou, Shenzhen, Hong Kong, Nanjing, Chengdu, Chongqing and Xi'an. Set up branches or branches in Ningbo, Qingdao and other places to comprehensively carry out comprehensive real estate including research consulting, evaluation, marketing planning, agency, business consulting, hotel consulting, asset management, project management, corporate services, industrial logistics and capital markets. Serve. In 2009, GVA Hengxin Bodi achieved extraordinary achievements in the national business market, and cooperated with many well-known domestic and foreign enterprises in business market, marketing planning, hotel consulting, asset management, etc., including China Electronics Group's China Electronics Building project ( Beijing), China Railway Group's International Commercial Avenue Project (Beijing), China Railway Construction Headquarters Hotel Project (Beijing), Contemporary Group's MOMA Wanwanshu Project (Beijing), Lippo Lippo Company's Robin Department Store Project (Tianjin), Jinhe Jinhe Water Lane Neighborhood Project of the Group (Suzhou), Ningbo Book City Project of Ningbo Daily Newspaper Group (Ningbo), Changsha New River Delta Project of Beichen Group (Changsha), Saigao of Shaanxi R&F Real Estate (Enterprise Zone, its real estate) The block project (Xi'an), and the outpatient building project of the Stomatological Hospital of the Fourth Military Medical University (Xi'an), etc. Mr. Peter Hill, Vice Chairman of GVA Hengxin Bodi Group, originally planned to come to China from London, England to attend this media conference, and personally exchange related real estate market issues with Chinese friends. However, due to the impact of European air traffic control caused by Iceland's volcanic eruption, the trip was not possible. But Mr. Peter Hill still expressed his views on the Chinese real estate market. Mr. Peter Hill pointed out: China's national strength and economic strength are increasing day by day. In recent years, GDP has maintained a high and stable growth. China is about to become the world's largest economy. China has a population of more than 1.3 billion, and the rigid demand for housing purchases is very huge, and the real estate market will still have a very broad space for development. Mr. Situ Jianqiang, CEO of GVA Hengxin Bodi, pointed out: The current series of control policies launched by the state to curb the excessive growth of housing prices will play a positive and effective role, but whether it can achieve the expected effect will still need to be some time to verify. The relevant regulatory policies currently introduced are aimed at suppressing real estate speculation, and will not have much impact on the overall rigid demand. The steady development of China's macro real estate market will continue and will maintain a steady upward trend. The key point of regulation is to adopt different strategies in different cities to ensure the long-term and stable development of the market according to different situations and development status. i want to comment