France welcomes business students from the Faculty of Science and Business to Yi Employment. In the lecture on studying abroad at the French Cultural Open Day on March 24, Mushalin, Cultural and Educational Consul of the Cultural Office of the French Consulate General in Guangzhou, and the Language and Academic Evaluation Center of the French Embassy in China Isabel Shen, director of CELA Guangzhou, and Liu Yuanyuan, head of the Guangzhou Office of the French International Cooperation Agency, answered questions about studying in France. Science and engineering are popular According to reports, France's study abroad policy will give priority to students with science and engineering, business or management majors, master's degree or above, school-level exchanges and scholarships. Although most of the students studying in France are economics majors, and there are also many art majors, these students are welcome in France, but science and engineering students are more welcome, "We welcome high school students, and more welcome students with a college diploma or above. Go to study in France.” First learn French well “In China, you must first learn the language well.” Some students who don’t understand French can study in France through English-taught subjects, but relevant people suggest that these people learn French well first, “This is life Need, not knowing French in France will bring inconvenience to life, on the other hand, it is also a cultural need. It would be a pity if you stay in France for a few years without learning French. Studying in France is not only about learning professional knowledge, but also more important. It is to experience French culture, learn a new way of thinking, and understand the essence of French culture, all of which must be experienced through language.” According to reports, the reason why most students studying in France are rejected is that they are not qualified for language. The language requirements for tests and interviews cannot be said to be loose. Students must master the most basic language skills, and it is best to have proof of a language school with no less than 500 school hours." However, the French consulate stressed that there is no clear definition for students. The requirement of the score line mainly depends on the specific situation of each student. Considering that the student will participate in language school training for six months to one year after arriving in France, it will be judged whether the student can adapt to the language according to the degree of mastery of the language at the time of application. . A person who has done a good job in studying abroad said that during the interview, they will know about the student's study in China, major, plan to study in France, what kind of diploma they hope to get, what kind of job they want to find in the future, and what kind of occupation they want to pursue. According to reports, some students may change their majors after arriving in France. The French side will consider the student's own conditions to see if the major he chooses is correct, and make some suggestions. Given that the French education system is divided into three categories: comprehensive, higher, junior college and college, relevant experts suggest that if you want to pursue theoretical research, it is best to go to a public university that can provide up to a doctorate degree. Some international student representatives believe that business schools have a good alumni network, and companies and students have established a good connection platform, and there will be better employment opportunities. However, public universities do not have such institutions, and the time required for students to find a job may be longer. Longer and lower wages. (Text/Director Cheng Jianlan Song)