The heart of the Green Army leads the 10 major surprises in the new season. The Rockets 27+14 Overlord shocked everyone. Sina Sports News Beijing time on November 5th, according to the report of "Basket World", the new season started, and the performance of many players caught people's eyes. A bright. "Basket World" has just selected a list of players who will surprise fans in the new season. In this list, the most concerned about by Chinese fans is probably Luis Scola, who is ranked fifth in this list. As of now, Scola has averaged 27.3 points and 14 rebounds per game, just like playing an MVP level. In the Rockets' first three games, Scola averaged more than 36 minutes per game and averaged 19.3 shots per game, 6 more than last season. More gratifying thing, Scola is not a random shot, his shooting percentage is as high as 56.9%. As early as this summer's World Championships, Scola had a very amazing performance, he averaged 27.1 points per game leading the scoring list of the World Championships. It's not hard to see that Scola's performance is by no means accidental. In this summer, Scola has won a five-year long-term contract with the Rockets. If the Rockets are willing to hand over the offensive firepower to Scola, he is definitely capable of entering the All-Star. However, it is somewhat regrettable that Scola's outstanding performance did not help the Rockets get satisfactory results. In the first four games, the Rockets lost all four games. Although the return of Yao Ming ushered in, the Rockets obviously still have many problems to be solved in the lineup. In addition to Scola, Rajon Rondo's performance is enough to describe it as earth-shattering, and he ranks first on this list. The Celtics' young guard proved by his actions that he deserves a big contract from the Celtics. Rondo racked up 82 assists in his first five games, an astonishing performance that has written his name into history. Talking about Rondo's triple-double against the Knicks, Paul Pierce said: "Rondo can connect this team very well, and his organizational ability allows everyone to participate in the offense." Since he averaged only 6.6 assists per game at the start of last season, Rondo has undoubtedly risen to a new level. Detailed ranking of the list: 1. Celtics Rajon Rondo averaged 16.4 assists per game 2. Raptors Roger Evans averaged 16.3 rebounds 3. Jazz Paul Millsap averaged 21.3 points and 12.4 points per game Rebounds 4, Nuggets Sheldon Williams averaged 12.3 rebounds 5, Rockets Luis Scola averaged 27.3 points 14 rebounds 6, Pacers Roy Hibbert averaged 18.3 points 10 rebounds 2.7 Blocks 7, Knicks Wilson Chandler averaged 21 points, 10 rebounds, 1.3 steals, 3 blocks 8, Warriors Darrell Wright averaged 18 points and 9, Bobcats DJ-Augustin averaged 17 points and 5.3 times per game Assists 10, Bulls Joakim-Noah averaged 14.3 points and 15.3 rebounds (passing first)