Don't Miss: Seven Shakespeare Anecdotes You Haven't Heard Of (Photos) On April 23, 445 years ago, the British Shakespeare was born. Nearly four and a half centuries have passed, and the playwright's reputation has not only been constantly renewed through his classic plays, but the interest of modern people in Shakespeare himself has never diminished. In an age of 15 minutes to be famous, people are still interested in discovering Shakespeare's "unknown anecdotes." No matter how much water is in it, because history has long been hard to argue with itself—recently, even the famous balcony in Italy, where Romeo and Juliet had a romantic relationship, is about to open for tourists to take wedding photos— There is no harm in listening to anecdotes about the most famous people in all of England after dinner. On April 23, 445 years ago, the Englishman Shakespeare was born. Nearly four and a half centuries have passed, and the playwright's reputation has not only been constantly renewed through his classic plays, but the interest of modern people in Shakespeare himself has never diminished. In an age of 15 minutes to be famous, people are still interested in discovering Shakespeare's "unknown anecdotes." No matter how much water is in it, because history has long been hard to argue with itself—recently, even the famous balcony in Italy, where Romeo and Juliet had a romantic relationship, is about to open for tourists to take wedding photos— There is no harm in listening to anecdotes about the most famous people in all of England after dinner. I'm talking about the Rough Guide to Shakespeare, recently published in England to commemorate Shakespeare's 445th birthday. Flip through this book by Andrew Dickson, and you're bound to feel the witty and absurdity so common in Shakespeare's writings, looming over the author, amid the shadows of paradoxical "new discoveries". Shakespeare, for example, used to do tax evasion, for example, when he enlarged the belly of his future "mystery wife" Anne Hathaway (yes, the same name as the current hot actress) at the age of 18 . Well, maybe you have already seen these in the lace news of various newspapers and magazines, then, next, let's take a look at these seven "Shakespeare Live", can you be amazed or smile knowingly ? Seven Shakespeare anecdotes you probably haven't heard of: 1. No one knows what Shakespeare looked like until now, because none of the portraits he painted when he was alive have been handed down. The portraits of Shakespeare we see now, It is likely that the artist drew it according to the face of Shakespeare, who had been dead for a long time. 2, Shakespeare is "to marry a son". At the age of 18, he enlarged the belly of 26-year-old Annie. "Marriage with a child" was amazing more than 400 years ago. The little lover "bribed" the local bishop to get the marriage license. 3. Although Shakespeare wrote plays that took place in France, Scotland, Italy, Cyprus, Vienna, etc., and were full of exotic flavors, Shakespeare himself most likely never left England in his life. But he might be fluent in French, Italian, even Latin and Greek. 4. Shakespeare created 1,700 English words, among which the most successful ones are the words we use today, including "addiction" (addiction), "priceless" (priceless) and so on. But there are also creations that are considered "terrible" by today's scholars: such as "unsisting" (unhelpful, similar to unhelpful), "cadent" (falling, similar to falling). 5. The ending of "King Lear" has never been performed according to the original work in the 150 years since its original premiere, because everyone thinks this ending is too tragic. Rewriting the ending was 17th-century playwright Nahum Tate. 6. Shakespeare's best-selling work was not a play, but the now lesser-known erotic poem "Venus and Adonis," and it was especially widespread among schoolboys. When Shakespeare wrote this poem, all the theatres in London were temporarily closed due to the plague at the time, and Shakespeare's livelihood was almost unsustainable. 7. Shakespeare likes writing stories about twins. For example, if you compare the plots of "Comedy of Errors" and "Twelfth Night", readers will find that Shakespeare himself, who has also been the father of twins in real life , also suffered a dramatic turn of the novel's story: his only son, Hamnet, died at 11, but Hamnet's twin sister lived to be 77.