The 4th issue of "Kai La Street Shooting" focuses on the fashion in the Olympic Games (Photo) Sina Entertainment News The 2008 Beijing Olympic Games is like an unprecedented dream. The city of Beijing is completely crowded, with fresh language, fresh skin color, and bright smiles everywhere. The streets of Beijing in August are unprecedented international winds! The theme of this issue of "Kai La Street Shooting" is "Continuous Foreign Paintings", bringing all the people who are concerned about the Olympics and Beijing to enjoy the street international style performed by foreign friends who came to Beijing to participate in this grand Party! This issue of "Lao Xu's Fitting Room" brings the incomplete SHOPPING summary of the shopaholic Lao Xu in LA. Not only is Lao Xu's exclusive beach look here, but Lao Xu also shows you his recent trophies - all kinds of dresses . In this issue, Lao Xu, who is far away in Los Angeles, continues to carefully select small gifts for member readers: aromatherapy and interesting handmade soap with ocean flavor, as long as you join the "Kai La Street Shooting" member club, you will have the opportunity to receive Lao Xu from the other side of the ocean. blessing of! The Olympic Games is not only a sports event, but also a FASHION SHOW that takes place on the field. This issue of SPECIAL FEATURES can be called "all clothes related to the Olympic Games", and it will focus on displaying the national team dresses and the Chinese team's competition clothes in different periods and several events in this Beijing Olympic Games. The foreign camera is here to kick the pavilion! As the most authoritative street photography magazine in Beijing, "Kai La Street Photography" invited Nels, the most active foreigner street photographer in Beijing, in this COVER STORY session. The particularly talkative Nels talked about Beijing and Beijing street fashion in his eyes, and posted his wonderful street photos taken in Beijing, including a large number of foreign hipsters in Beijing! The "DAYLIGHT EVENTS" section of this issue will take you to the 798 scene to experience the master style of Rei Kawakubo; "NIGHT CALLING Midnight Report" reproduces the theme of "When a Chinese boy falls in love with an old-fashioned big girl" that made a stunning debut in Yugong Yishan on July 24 PAR, a large number of antique-level domestic treasures, as well as snapshots of domestic products and old-fashioned girls, will definitely make you immersed in the scene if you can't be there in person! In this issue of "NEW ARRIVALS Early adopters", ARRTCO × five major creative units designed eco-bags, Ricoh GX200 camera and COSMO T love action three exciting contents appear in series, taking you to the most creative fashion frontier to surf!