Exclusive: Dialogue with representatives of the University of Leeds British Education Julia: The selection process for scholarships in some departments is carried out by himself. Once you apply, it will automatically consider whether to grant you a scholarship or not, depending on your background. Some departments want you to apply, and you need to fill out a separate scholarship application form. Moderator: Do you want to apply for the scholarship program? Julia: This should remind students to look on the Internet, because different departments may have different requirements. Moderator: So this student who wants to apply for the translation major of the University of Leeds should also read clearly on the website of the University of Leeds, especially the description below the major. There will be detailed introductions about scholarship applications and various applications. Netizen: I have now received an offer from the University of Leeds, learn media, and decided to go to the University of Leeds, but I don't know if the University of Leeds is safe during my studies. Moderator: It may be due to safety issues, because as far as I know, those schools in the UK do not have campuses, and students are relatively free to attend classes, which is still not the same as in China. Chen Kun: First of all, we congratulate this student who has received the offer. It is not easy to be admitted to the media course. I believe this student is very good. Regarding whether Leeds is safe, we have also seen many different opinions on the Internet. You can check it. Basically, we think that Leeds is a safe city, no problem. But in any big city there will be one thing or another, and maybe some individuals will have some unpleasant experiences in Leeds, just as unpleasant experiences can happen anywhere, and it may be revealed online or elsewhere. In general, Leeds is a very safe city. I myself have walked through the most chaotic road in front of the train station at 11 or 12 o'clock at night without any problems. The campus of the University of Leeds, we are different from many British universities, we are a university with a campus, and our campus is a campus in the center of the city, which is very similar to many campus universities in China, so for most students , The University of Leeds is a campus that is easy to adapt to, and we provide students with a safe and quiet learning and living environment. Moderator: Therefore, those students who have doubts about safety issues can rest assured that the campus environment of the University of Leeds, including the environment of the entire city of Leeds, is quite close to that of China. Julia: Yes, because the UK once conducted such a public opinion poll in China the year before, and the final result came out that Leeds was rated as the second most suitable city for raising children in the UK. One is that the greening of the city itself is particularly good, and it has a lot to do with its safety. Of course, there is a cultural difference. I estimate that many students have some bad experiences in the UK, which may be due to their poor security awareness. For example, in the UK, no matter which city you go to, you must first develop a habit of closing the windows when you go out. Moderator: It is the same in China. Julia: Yes, if you open the window, it means you are calling people to commit a crime, and you open the window and put your things on the table. And for female classmates, because everyone in the UK knows that the UK is a country with a strong alcohol culture, there will always be a lot of people drinking. I still think that female classmates are best not to walk around at night, and it is best to go together. Go home directly after the evening self-study, and develop a good habit of paying attention to safety. Moderator: Students studying abroad alone must first develop a sense of safety and self-protection. Just like what Julia reminded us just now, as long as we are vigilant, the city of Leeds, including the University of Leeds, is still a very safe place. The three of us have also introduced to you just now that due to the change in the exchange rate of the pound against the RMB, the trend of studying in the UK is gradually optimistic, gradually optimistic, Ms. Song Dan is a front-line worker, and she must have more say in this regard. Can you give me some advice? Now, some suggestions for students who are watching our program and preparing to study abroad, what kind of travel preparations should they make? Song Dan: Let me start with applying for an offer. If students who plan to go abroad next year apply as soon as possible, a university like the University of Leeds will be on a first-come, first-served basis. You apply earlier and your conditions are more suitable. The more likely the school will give you an offer. For the students who are going to leave this year, I have a few suggestions. First of all, you need to go to the website of the University of Leeds or the website of EIC. We have a column for very detailed pre-departure guidance, and the University of Leeds has a very detailed introduction. You can prepare some things and points you need to go to the UK according to the items listed above. For details, you can also log in to the website, call our company, or contact Mr. Chen.