PCGA2009 Pepsi Super Grand Prix Changde Station ended in Changde, Hubei Warcraft Master Xiaoaoao Changde, the local DOTA team entered the provincial finals On the last day of May, the first city station of the PCGA2009 Pepsi Super Grand Prix in Hunan ended in Changde. The venue for this competition was selected at the O2 Network Chain-FE store in the center of Changde. In the early morning, many players rushed to the game site to sign in for the game, and also attracted a lot of Changde game fans to watch the game on site. At the same time, the competition was very intense. In the Warcraft 3 competition, Hubei player Du Yuanyuan made a special trip from Hubei to Changde early in the morning to participate in the competition. In the game, although the local players in Changde fought hard, in the end, no one could stop him from winning the Warcraft 3 project championship at the PCGA2009 Pepsi Super Grand Prix Changde Station. The StarCraft project is a very popular competition event in Changde, and it is also the competition event with the largest number of participants in the competition that day. The competition process is naturally extremely intense. In the end, Jiang Nan (by747), a well-known local player in Changde, defeated another 18-year-old star player Huang Xin in Changde in the final, and won the only StarCraft spot to enter the provincial final. The DOTA project is also quite popular in Changde, and there are many well-known local teams. After a fierce competition, the SN team finally defeated all other Changde local teams and won the final championship. At the same time, they will also have the opportunity to compete for the only ticket to Shanghai CHINAJOY at Changsha Animation SKY on July 11-12. Changde qualifying list: Warcraft 3: Du Yuanyuan (beibei) StarCraft: Jiang Nan (by747) DOTA: The SN team PCGA2009 Pepsi Super Grand Prix Hunan Qualifier will continue to be held in 5 cities throughout Hunan after the Changde competition. The competition will be settled in Hengyang, and now the Hunan qualifiers have entered a comprehensive registration and preparation stage