Zhuozhou Celebrity Zundi 133-150 flat 3-bedroom average price 6000 enjoy 22% off (Figure) Sina Real Estate News (intern editor Sun Yu) Celebrity Zundi (forum album apartment model sample room map search) The last house is on sale, and the new house will open in July. At present, the units sold are 133-150 square meters with three bedrooms, and the average price is 6,000 yuan/square meter. 9.8% off the full payment and 9.9% off the loan. The Celebrity Residence project is located on the south side of Zhuozhou Municipal Plaza, east of the intersection of Ping'an North Street and Huayang Road. The total construction area of the project is 41007.08 square meters, the plot ratio is 1.5, and the greening rate is 30%. The 450,000-square-meter city land king sits on a 200,000-square-meter municipal square. Editor's comment: It is only a 40-minute drive to Liuli Bridge, 917 buses guarantee public transportation, and the Beijing-Shijiazhuang high-speed railway, which will be opened to traffic in 2010, will condense the distance between the two places to 12.5 minutes. The settlement of the second airport in Daxing will bring vitality to the development of real estate, logistics, construction, and infrastructure improvement in the surrounding areas. Just as the Capital Airport is to Shunyi, Zhuozhou will rely on an international aviation hub, and the explosive effect of the "airport economic circle" will be quickly activated! The above information is for reference only, and the final announcement by the developer shall prevail. This manuscript is the exclusive original manuscript of Sina Leju, all rights reserved. Please indicate the source when citing or reprinting. Click to see more discounted real estate information for extended reading: >>The average price of low-density slab buildings in Shunyi is 10,000 recommended for 2 bedrooms in the north and south of the capital >>The Beijing real estate market is still falling in price. Buying and Buying Guide>>Real Estate Weekly: The Real Estate Market Under the New Deal