"Women Are Not Bad" Four Highlights: The Life in the City (Picture) Not Bad", is about to go to the Busan Film Festival in South Korea, and its four major highlights, including Tsui Hark's charm of women, Guo Zairong's love between men and women, the changes of the three heroines and the mystery of modern urban feeling, are also gradually revealed the mystery of the film. 1. Charm - Tsui Hark's female plays have been the banner bearer of the new wave of Hong Kong movies for nearly 30 years. Known as "Old Monster", Tsui Hark has played a pivotal role in Hong Kong movies in the past 30 years, even if not. Said how the fierce style of "Butterfly Change", "Danger of the First Type" and "No Door to Hell" appeared unique in the masculinity and violence popular at the time. Inn", "Once Upon a Time" series, etc. are leading the coquettish moment. The difference between Tsui Hark and most of the male directors of his generation is that he often creates female images with very unique charm in his works. Female stars, in Tsui Hark's lens, show the double sides of masculinity and the charm of daughters, including the revolutionary in "Kao Ma Dan", the hero who sacrificed for love in "Invincible East", and the hero in "New Dragon Inn". This kind of disordered gender relationship integrates the masculinity of men and the softness of women, and the gold inlaid jade full of female charm in "New Dragon Inn" completely overshadows the chivalrous men. "Women Are Not Bad" is a film directly named after "women". It is an attempt to describe the different experiences of three women with different identities and fates in the modern city, including the white-collar woman played by Zhang Yuqi, Gui Lunmei He plays the lead singer and boxer of the band living in fantasy, and Zhou Xun plays the experiencer of the medical examination center (and the film also shows his "experience" of different identities, which is full of comedy). The different charms of different women flow quietly like fine water in Tsui Hark's works, exuding a unique sense of beauty. Statement: Sina.com exclusive manuscript, please indicate the source for reprinting.