The scene: The United Arab responded to a provocative jumper and hit McKee salute, angering Varejao Sina Sports News to fight again in another place, Bu Laiqie attacked inside, but an elbow was whistled by the referee for an offensive foul. The Cavaliers missed the attack, and Anderson Varejao also committed a foul when he competed for offensive rebounds. Bu Laiqie and McGee strictly guarded the basket, and Hickson made a mid-range jumper. When the Wizards were tall on the outside and frequently double-teamed on the inside, Thornton stepped forward. He made a mid-range shot, and then made two consecutive empty cuts to the penalty area for a layup. Hinrich and Wall each added an assist. At this time, Thornton had also scored 17 points, tied with Hinrich for the highest in the game, and the Cavaliers requested a timeout. , the Wizards are only 5 points behind. It seems that Sanders has learned the lessons of the loss to the Knicks and re-established Thornton as one of the offensive cores. Thornton only got 9 shots and scored 8 points against the Knicks. Taking advantage of this period of panic for the Cavaliers, the Wizards will take the opportunity to tie the score. In 6 minutes and 54 seconds, Bu Laiqie picked up a dunk with his hands under the basket, and Wall also contributed a mid-range shot, and the Wizards were ahead by 4 points. After taking the lead, the Wizards became more and more relaxed, and Bu Laiqie's attack under the basket caused the opponent to foul again and made two free throws. At 4 minutes and 18 seconds, Yi Jianlian and Arenas made their debut together again. At 3 minutes and 55 seconds, the UAE was blocked by Hollins, who scored two more points on the offensive end. But the UAE was unmoved. At 3 minutes and 29 seconds, the United Arab finally opened the pot and made a hit, scoring 2 points. At 2 minutes and 01 seconds, Arenas broke through and caused Gibson to foul, and the general made two free throws. The Cavaliers repeatedly broke through and scored the ball, and finally the ball was stuffed into the hands of the insider Hollins, and Yi Jianlian was forced to dunk. After Gibson hit a three-pointer, the two teams tied. At the end of the third quarter, the Wizards 74-74 Cavaliers. (Grass Head King)