Newsweek cover article: Why the Taliban is dead and reborn . It gave the outside world a real understanding of how the Taliban regime was able to go from collapse to resurgent and regain control of large swathes of remote Afghanistan. People rarely actually hear what the enemy is actually doing during and after the war. And general statistics and theories of war obtained thousands of miles away also mask the panic and ambition of ordinary soldiers. Nowhere is this more true than in Iraq and Afghanistan, including journalists who risk their lives reporting on opposing sides. Despite the eight-year war in Afghanistan, the United States and its allies still do not even know who the real enemy is and why they are fighting. In order to systematically introduce the situation of Taliban fighters to reporters, this magazine will publish interviews and reports by our reporter Sami Yousafzai, who has been covering the war in Afghanistan since 2001, and another reporter, Ron Moreau. They traveled across the borders of Afghanistan and Pakistan, speaking repeatedly with Taliban fighters they were familiar with. Although it is difficult to confirm what these people are talking about, what they say allows outsiders to understand how the Taliban view the war and the rare opportunity for the Taliban regime to rise from its collapse to a full recovery. The following is the content of their conversations with the six Taliban militants, Haqqani, Akhundzada, Khan, Younas, Masihuddin and Mohammad, as described by the two reporters. Haqqani told reporters that the Taliban were celebrating the death of their domestic rival, Ahmed Shah] Masood, two days before 9/11. The armed forces he controls are on the verge of being crushed by the Taliban. But the aftermath of 9/11 turned the Taliban's euphoria of victory into worry, as its top brass knew that the Americans were bound to retaliate. When people realized that the catastrophe was imminent, they began to move their families to Pakistan. Subsequently, the entire Taliban regime collapsed under the bombing of the United States, and its collapse was faster than anyone could imagine. People began to abandon their original clothes and fled to neighboring countries in disguise, and they only thought about how to save their own lives and their families. But he himself is reluctant to follow his family to refugee camps in Pakistan, because many of them do not like to be followers of the Taliban. Haqqani stumbled upon former regime defense minister Mullah Obaidullah in a refugee camp in Pakistan, who came to Pakistan to find lost Taliban fighters. When he saw Obaidullah again, he saw a gathering of former regime officials and army commanders eager to start a resistance against the Americans. Haqqani also told reporters that Arab and Iraqi jihadist organizers then came to Afghanistan to teach the various resistance fighters the technology of making improvised explosive devices, as well as the technology of suicide bombs used in Iraq to resist the US military. Afghan resistance groups fought U.S. forces using traditional tactics until 2004, but have since adopted newer methods to counteract more deadly operations, namely more powerful roadside bombs and suicide attacks. In addition, Haqqani believes that AlQaeda is far from being as powerful as the Americans have advertised, and as far as he understands it, it is a very limited and not powerful organization. In addition, the Taliban, which now controls much of Afghanistan, has developed a code of conduct for foreigners working with the Taliban. The Taliban will not allow these foreigners to do anything wrong. Akhundzada, a Taliban officer, said that when the American bomb exploded, his soldiers were like cut wheat, and the complete body could not be found. The huge shock wave of the bomb blast sent blood flowing from the ears and noses of the living soldiers. The backup team also died. But he himself did not surrender, and fled in a panic in the shockwave of the explosion. The once flamboyant Taliban mullahs and militants have changed their attire after the U.S. attack to avoid being recognized. Akhundzada, a former officer, broke away from the Taliban himself. The escape team encountered resistance from almost everyone on the way, including children who also shot at the escapees from the top of the mountain. The fugitives are like hunted prey, without food or water. After five days of trekking in knee-deep snow, they finally saw the village and were rescued. After desperate efforts Akhundzada finally survived. After he fled to Pakistan, the situation was very bad, because he did not know the local language and it was difficult to make a living. His mental state was also not good, and he often cried for dead soldiers in his dreams. Although the Islamic regime failed after more than 40 days of desperate resistance, Akhundzada believed that Allah would bring the Taliban back to life, because the blood of the fighters was shed for Islam. Some committed Taliban survivors see the end of the Taliban regime as the beginning of their jihadist career. When he returned to the military training camp in Pakistan, after training, he became the commander of a unit. At the same time, he also found many scattered Taliban soldiers in Pakistan and rearmed them. They were determined to return to Afghanistan to liberate their homeland occupied by the Americans. Khan told reporters that Arabs, Chechens and the Taliban frantically swept their villages as the mujahedin began to retreat to Pakistan. But the fleeing convoy was then bombed by the US military. They began to abandon the car, help the old and young, and help the wounded to escape on foot. But his village refused to help the fugitives. After the new regime came to power, mullahs like his father became very depressed. During the Taliban rule, the mullahs were very influential. But after the fall of the Taliban regime, people stopped paying attention to them. After the new regime came to power, he arrested his 70-year-old father from the mosque, accused him of being the Taliban, and asked him to confess to the Taliban's weapons warehouse, and insulted him. Spiritual Blow passed away in 2003. People began to express dissatisfaction with the new regime's approach, and people who had previously opposed their father began to sympathize with them, protesting the government's desecration of mosques and the arrest of elderly mullahs. Although Khan was a child himself at the time, he was taken twice from his home and from the mosque. In addition to arresting family members, the police brutalized the 90-year-old mullah in the mosque. As a result, attitudes towards the new government began to change, and people were angry at the disrespectful treatment of mosques and mullahs by government officials. Rumors of Taliban activity in the surrounding area were heard around 2004. But after a few months they were all over the place. Initially, they left written warnings in public at night that the new government would not cooperate. They began targeting police officers, officials, spies, and collaborators with the U.S. military around the beginning of 2005. Khan himself helped the Taliban assassinate collaborators with the government and the US military. He does not admit that he is willing to kill, but only wants the Islamic regime to return and the Americans and the traitors of Islam to leave. The number of Taliban personnel in remote areas of Afghanistan continued to increase in late 2005, with new recruits and former Taliban returning from Pakistan. At the same time, the Taliban have also successively received supplies of mostly outdated weapons and ammunition. As a result, armed attacks are limited in scale and ineffective. But through these actions, the Taliban proved their existence and earned respect. The Karzai government and the U.S. military have continued to make mistakes, killing and arresting many innocent people. Praises began to be given to the jihadists who liberated the occupied villages. Those words of praise have been motivating fighters involved in jihad. Khan himself has since felt physically and mentally stronger. Americans talk about cashing out the Taliban to quit the jihad. But the Taliban were unmoved. Now tribesmen are no longer worried about marrying their daughters to Taliban operatives, even though the latter may be shot by the US military within days of marriage. They are happy to be part of the holy war. Becoming a member of the Taliban is not easy. These people are resisting at the risk of being sacrificed at any time. Due to lack of funds, they cannot receive prompt treatment if they are injured. When commanders told newcomers of the dangers, the latter did not hesitate to join the jihad. All this shows people's confidence to win this war. Younas said his parents were mujahideen who resisted the Soviet army. He said the collapse of the Islamic regime was like a nightmare. Among the Taliban fleeing in the direction of Pakistan are Arabs, as well as Chechens and Uzbeks. They are like a group of beggars begging along the village. The villagers saw how pitiful they were and helped them. Arabs who joined the jihad were dissatisfied with the Taliban's inability to effectively fend off an American attack. They said they were determined to fight to the death. The biggest difference between them and the Afghans is that they are not as frustrated as the latter because they just lost a battle, while the latter lost their entire country. It was the Arabs who took the lead in resisting the American attack and encouraged the Afghans and tribal groups not to give up their resistance. But not many people responded to it at first. The Arabs have since organized military training camps. In addition to Arabs, Chechens and Uzbeks are also organizing military training camps in Afghanistan. The military training camp in Pakistan is a national brand, consisting of Arabs, Chechens, Afghans and local tribes in Pakistan. The training instructors are Arabs, and they teach the trainees how to use various weapons and gather intelligence. The atmosphere in the camp is friendly, helping each other and making sacrifices for each other. As a madrassa student, Younas spoke Arabic and made friends with Egyptians, Saudis, Libyans and Yemenis. So Younas decided to give up his studies and join the resistance movement. After the first few military operations, funds from the Gulf Arab states began to flow in. The Taliban's jihad started in early 2005. A turning point in the movement was the arrest of relatives of some local tribal leaders by the US military and the Pakistani government, and armed men of these tribes began participating in jihad. They began a massive clean-up of people working with the U.S. military and the new government, forcing their families to flee to big cities, including Kabul. The Taliban have since regained control of the suburbs. Masihuddin said jihadists in southern Afghanistan had made some small retreats in response to Obama's new policy, fighting with improvised explosive devices. The jihadists are grateful to the local mountains and forests, which are the best protectors for these people. The Americans were therefore unable to catch them. The US military was here 2-3 years ago like it was on vacation. But the good days are over. They now have to keep their nerves tight 24 hours a day in case they get bombed. Mohammad told reporters that the collapse of the Taliban regime was the beginning of his jihadist career. Due to the early death of his father, he was forced to bear the burden of the family's livelihood and did not have time to join Mullah Omar's jihadist movement. Mohammad said he has always harbored guilt for missing out on participating in the jihad. Mohammad said he joined the jihadist group after intense scrutiny. The military training camps he participated in included Arabs, Egyptians and Yemenis from the camps. Life in the camp is very hard, and there is not even enough food and funds. They started off with a discordant relationship with the local tribesmen, who were rejected around the camp. Tensions between the two sides have improved after the Arabs continued to show goodwill to the local tribes. Later, these locals even provided the camp with weapons and other military supplies in addition to food. The morale of the trainees in the camp was initially low. Discipline in the camp is very strict. Anyone who violates the discipline will be severely punished. Trainees must get up before dawn for physical training. They are also trained to stay up all night to learn to stay alert in an emergency. The Afghan Taliban trainers in the camp today are also starting to train their trainees in the same way. Trainees graduate after 2 months of training. According to Mohammad, 160 of the 200 graduates were local tribesmen, a few Punjabis and about 40 Afghans. The trainees were divided into 10 groups, each commanded by an Arab, and then entered Afghanistan to launch an attack on the U.S. military. However, the operation was not smooth at the beginning. There were American spies among the local people, and the resistance operations were often bombed by the American military. The first to cross the Arab-Pakistani border were well-organized, Arab-led jihadist groups. The Afghan Taliban was small and poorly organized at the time. But as the U.S. military continued to harass and kill villagers, and the Karzai government's corrupt police disgusted the people, the situation changed, and the people began to sympathize with the Taliban. The Taliban military operations then no longer required cover, and the police and officials of the current government had to hide in their strongholds like prisoners. The mujahideen never worried about the time of resistance, and they would continue to fight until they were victorious. Although the US military has advanced weapons, the Taliban have made a long and unremitting struggle for jihad because they grew up here. (East Anhui)