Man wants to break 187 km/h speed record in wind-powered vehicle (Photos) On the 25th, according to the British "Daily Mail" report, two Britons - businessman Dale Vince (Dale Vince (Dale Vince) and engineer Richard Jenkins (Richard Jenkins) plan) in Levrow, Australia The salt bed of Lake Yi, driving their wind vehicle "Green Bird", hit the land speed record of 116.7 miles per hour (about 187.8 kilometers per hour). Now, the pair are patiently waiting for the perfect moment — when the salt beds are at the most likely record-breaking state — for their world-record attempt. While waiting, they will make final adjustments to the "green bird" in technical details. On the 20th, Jenkins wrote on his blog: "Although only about 30% of the lake may be covered by water, whether the 'Green Bird' can break the world record depends mainly on the direction of the wind. When there is a favorable wind, we will Will try to find the most ideal starting point." Vince and Jenkins said, "Green Bird" is a highly evolved vehicle, using aircraft and F1 racing technology. The name "Green Bird" was chosen to pay homage to Donald Campbell's "Blue Bird". The latter was a fuel-powered car that set speed records in the 1960s. Vince, managing director of environmental energy company Ecotricity, said: "We are entering an era where fossil fuels are dying and renewables are on the rise. Nothing can be a marker of this historic watershed like a 'green bird'. The car of the future will not Instead of using fossil fuels for power, use renewable energy sources like wind. With current technology, we can achieve incredible speeds using only wind energy.” Vince, through his Gloucestershire-based Ecotricity's participation in the "Green Bird" programme, Ecotricity has been manufacturing wind turbines since 1996 and selling "green" electricity across the UK. He said the "green bird" was the result of 10 years of hard work, with participants working thousands of hours during which five prototypes were built. Jenkins said: "We wanted to find a purely technical solution to using free and everywhere energy - wind energy - at the speed we wanted. After 10 years, I finally have a satisfactory" Green Bird', we found the right testing ground, great support staff, and all we need now is good weather." Lake Lefroy is located 50km south of Kalgoorlie, Western Australia, which was once a gold mine , it takes about 1 hour to fly from here to Perth. The research team believes that the salt bed of Lake Lefroy is the most ideal natural pavement in the world and could help them set a new world record. It is reported that the "Green Bird" will arrive at Lake Levroy on the 22nd for testing. The team hopes to stage a record-breaking attempt within the next three weeks. The current wind-powered vehicle speed record is 116.7 miles per hour (about 187.8 kilometers per hour), which was driven by Bob Schumacher on March 20, 1999 in the "Iron Duck" in Prime, Nevada, USA Creative. (Xiaowen) Related reports: Ten most creative and environmentally friendly inventions: Indian air-powered cars and American jet cars have a top speed of 1,336 kilometers per hour