Zhan Jun's preliminary thoughts: the focus of the battle of the Blues is fierce, Tottenham's home defense against a draw in Europe is prone to upsets over the weekend, and there is a possibility of a draw in several matches. Lottery friends should be cautious: Blackburn VS Fulham Recommendation: 3 /1 After the coaching change, Blackburn had a lot of ups and downs. In the past, the close pressing and pressing attack at home were greatly reduced, and there were many loopholes in the defense. Fortunately, the team has a lot of excellent offensive players, and they can get back on track with proper conditioning. Fulham is worry-free at home this season, but still lacks confidence away. Liverpool VS Stoke City recommendation: 3 Robbie Keane has a good chance to break the fast! At present, the situation of Liverpool's personnel is relatively ideal, and they can try different attack combinations. The advantages of midfield and wing are obvious. Stoke City's defensive line personnel have changed a lot, and they can only be beaten away. Tottenham VS Wigan recommendation: 3/1 Tottenham's problem is that the attacking combination has changed too much this season, and there are too many players with similar characteristics. But given enough time to learn about each other's playing habits, it's only a matter of time before finding the best configuration. Wigan's offensive strength has been significantly strengthened with the arrival of Egyptian striker Saki, but there are still too many uneasy places in the defense line, and it is difficult to keep a clean sheet away. Tottenham are showing signs of rebounding and a draw should be enough. West Ham VS Newcastle recommendation: 3/1 No matter how bad the state of Newcastle is in recent years, there is always a way to score points when encountering the Hammers. However, the current Newcastle civil strife is serious, I am afraid it is difficult to maintain the good tradition of West Ham. Newcastle have been unbeaten in their past 9 consecutive encounters. West Ham will definitely continue to use offense to win the favor of fans in Zola's first game in office, and Bellamy's return to the team is also very helpful. But there are many problems in the defense line. The central defender combination of Devonport and Upson is not tough enough, and the division of labor is not clear. Newcastle's "underdog" attitude can instead focus on protecting the rear defense, relying on counterattacks to contain the opponent, and maybe get 1 point. Bolton VS Arsenal recommendation: 1/0 The Gunners are still unstable away from home, and Bolton, who is aggressive in pressing and threatening high-altitude balls, is easy to suffer. Especially judging from the Champions League game in midweek, their physical fitness is not ideal, and the midfield staffing has been adjusted. Bolton always responds to changes with the same, and is skilled in routine drills. It depends on whether Arsenal can stand it. West Brom VS Villa recommendation: 3 West Brom as Bo Gall. Winning the first win of the new season in the last round of attacking games is very important to West Brom. Their defense is not bad, and the attacking players need to inject confidence and restore the momentum in the Championship last season. The atmosphere of this derby in central England was extremely hot. The Villa team played double games a week. The main offensive team began to suffer injuries and was in danger of losing. Chelsea VS Manchester United recommendation: 3 The "Red Devils" are still struggling to start the season: they lost the Super Cup, lost to Liverpool, and were unlucky in the Champions League opener, only to draw with Villarreal. At present, the midfielders are gradually getting organized, but none of them are in better condition. C Ronaldo has just recovered from injury, so don't expect too much. Chelsea's three-dimensional attack at home has an advantage, and Terry is exempted from suspension, while Manchester United lacks Vidic. The Blues have a big chance of winning. Manchester City VS Portsmouth recommendation: 3/1 Manchester City's offense played well in the last round, and lost to Chelsea because of the quality of defense. The three-person attack combination of Robinho, Wright and Zul will be more and more powerful. Portsmouth's attacking problems have been solved in the past two rounds, but they suffered a bit in terms of defensive speed. It would be good to get 1 point in this away game.