Hong Kong Box Office Roundup (December 7): "The Witness" Lianzhuang (Photo) Sina Entertainment News Although there were several films such as "Langya" and "I Don't Sell My Body, I Sell My Womb" last Thursday, Zhou The daily box office is still "The Witness" directed by Lin Chaoxian - it only dropped by about 310,000 Hong Kong dollars compared to the opening weekend, the decline rate is less than 40%, and the accumulation has also exceeded 6 million, and I believe it can finally be 7.5 million Hong Kong dollars. Around, it can even enter the top ten box office of the annual Chinese film. It's no wonder that it was announced last week that the original crew will shoot the sequel to the film. However, judging from the ending of the film, it may be better to make a "prequel" or "outside" of the film, or even tell another story, because , compared with Hollywood commercial films, which tend to leave a foreshadowing of the story and facilitate the shooting of sequels, Chinese films lack sequel thinking and often arrange a "happy" ending for the film ("happy" here not only means great reunion, but also Including the kind like "Seize the Commander", where the fate of each character is arranged). It should be said that among the few Hong Kong police and gangster films this year (once, police and gangster films were the mainstream of Hong Kong films), "The Witness" is a successful one, and it has also been recognized by local audiences and rewarded at the box office. "Cape No. 7", which was released on the third weekend of its release, has a box office decline rate of only 20%. Although it cannot rebound as in Taiwan, it is almost the best result of small and medium-cost Taiwanese films in the Hong Kong market. Judging from the cumulative box office of 6.4 million Hong Kong dollars, it will break the 7 million Hong Kong dollar mark this week. When I think of the Golden Horse Awards ceremony that night, "Cape No. 7" was also strengthened again and again in some form. In contrast, Hong Kong local director Ye Nianchen's "Peerless Shuangjiao" is not flattering. It only achieved a box office of 2.69 million Hong Kong dollars after 11 days of release, and I am afraid it will only be around 3.5 million Hong Kong dollars in the end. Thinking of Ye Nianchen's disappointment at the box office and word of mouth after the filming of "Sweet Silk", he once wrote an article to reflect on his gains and losses. Probably, this time he was born as a film critic, and he should think more about why he was in film creation within a year. Having experienced the difference between heaven and hell - sharpening knives without chopping wood, blindly making movies for the sake of making movies, it is better to stop first like after "Sweet Silk". The "Peerless Shuangjiao" produced by Gold Medal Entertainment is still in theaters, while another new film "Langya" has also landed in theaters, showing its talents on the screen. However, judging from the weekend box office performance, it is far inferior to "The Witness" in the second week and "Cape No. 7" in the third week, which seems to be reckless. Gold Medal Entertainment is an emerging team in Hong Kong in recent years, but it seems a little too hasty, resulting in only the number of films released but lack of word-of-mouth - remember the "Days on the Clouds" directed by Wen Des and Antonioni. In a story, a traveler who was trekking in the desert stopped and poured out the sand in his shoes, and Gold Medal should stop and pour out the sand. Several other new releases were even more unflattering at the box office. "What Just Happened", which is based on the story of the entertainment industry, has starring stars such as Robert De Niro, Sean Pan, Bruce Willis, etc. And was selected as the closing film of the 61st Cannes Film Festival, but it only had a box office of about 410,000 Hong Kong dollars in its four-day release; while the Japanese movie "Ikigami: The Ultimate Limit" was somewhat similar to "The Ultimate Limit" released not long ago. The Accuracy of Death", looking at three different lives from the eyes of an outsider who represents death (or predicts death), and brings out some touching messages. As for the other two newly released Chinese-language films, "I Don't Sell My Body, I Sell My Womb" and "Nine Falls", the former just squeezed into the top ten with a Sunday performance of about HK$50,000, while the latter only reached the top ten on its premiere day. It achieved a box office of about 2,000 Hong Kong dollars. Even if adding about 6,000 Hong Kong dollars on Sunday, the accumulation of four days is still less than 20,000-a sharp contrast to the hot sale of "Cape No. 7" in Hong Kong. Statement: Sina.com exclusive manuscript, please indicate the source for reprinting.