On the scene: United's big hat fan stuns Williams and Arenas to debut together Sina Sports News Beijing time on November 7th, the Washington Wizards ushered in a group of back-to-back games. After the battle with the New York Knicks yesterday, they returned to home against Cleveland today. knight. The opening jump ball, the Wizards get the ball. Bu Laiqie's pass was stolen, and Mo Williams successfully caused Wall to foul with a dribbling collision during the team's second attack. Cavaliers' Jamario Moon made a mid-range shot and hit the first goal of the game. , and soon Hinrich also changed the color to the cast. Since neither side has a super inside line, the two teams started the game mainly from the outside, and the attack points were mostly distributed on the periphery. At 7 minutes and 05 seconds, when the Wizards were about to violate the opponent's strict defense for 24 seconds, Thornton made a strong three-pointer from the outside, but on the defensive end, the Wizards frequently lost their position inside and was easily scored twice by Anderson Varejao. At 6 minutes and 55 seconds, the Cavaliers led 13-9, and Wizards coach Saunders requested a timeout. After the restart, Bu Laiqie missed the shot, but was hit by Anthony Parker with a fallback jumper. The Wizards switched to Hinrich to organize the attack. McGee and Hinrich cooperated with the pick-and-roll and then went down, but the ball was not handed over to McGee at the first time. The player then raced to the inside line, and McGee caused the opponent to foul and hit one of two free throws. Then he attacked McGee again and got the ball again. At 4 minutes and 32 seconds, Hinrich made a three-pointer to help the Wizards narrow the difference to only 2 points. After the timeout, Hinrich served as the team's playmaker and received good results. Thornton beat Moon. After making a foul and hitting two free throws, the Wizards have tied the score at 17. Then Armstrong replaced McGee on the stage. Although the player who has been to many teams has mediocre physical fitness and offensive ability, he has rich defensive experience. He succeeded in stealing as soon as he played. Hinrich made a fast break, and the opponent had to take a foul. Hinrich two Penalty hit, the Wizards overtake. At 2:49, Gibson made a throw, and the two teams returned to the same starting line. At 2 minutes and 15 seconds, Sanders made another substitution. Yi Jianlian and Arenas appeared together, replacing Buletce and Wall respectively. After Sessions made a layup, he planned to repeat his old trick but was stolen. Arenas made a three-point shot. In the cast and then in. In 43.9 seconds, the United Arab sent a big cap. Jawad Williams was blocked when he made a layup. The Wizards made a fast break and Thornton easily scored two points. The first quarter of the game ended, the Wizards 28-27 Cavaliers. (Grass Head King)