North American Box Office Roundup: 'Batman 6: The Dark Knight' Engraved Miracles Dear Heath Ledger: Hello! This weekend, your legacy "Batman 6: The Dark Knight" (The Dark Knight) brought the ultimate shock of $155 million in its three-day premiere with a gorgeous average of nearly $35,600 in a single venue! ! ! Not only the premiere of the highest specification in 2008, but also broke the world record set by "Spider-Man 3" last year and became the new champion of film history. Last week, when I held the heart of a devout fan, I predicted $140 million with half blessing and half delusion in the mood of "I want to Believe" (by the way, a soft advertisement for next weekend's "X-Files 2"...) At the time, I was still worried that I would overestimate 80% of the time - who knows, it turned out to be such an "outrageous" opening number, and still unfortunately became a Conservative Party in the face of the astonishing facts. What a joy! It is indeed the "Batman" that we have unconditionally supported since the first film, and it flapped its wings tepidly, resulting in a hurricane of misappropriation at the North American box office. Heath Ledger, most of us who are still talking about you, have never known you. You may not have time to understand how sad it is to hear you travel west with a crane like lightning and never return. ... just in the face of the bad news, frowning as well, but with a different experience. But now, since you can look down on us, please don't miss everyone who prayed for you, was happy for you, walked into the cinema for you, or swore to watch this movie because of you even if the authorities in your country didn't introduce it. , upon learning the exciting news of $155 million, the most sincere joy and blessing for the box office success of "The Dark Knight" (please believe me, including the Warner boss who is counting the money)! You see, the entire industry is excited for the results of "The Dark Knight", because the top 12 totaled nearly $250 million, directly over the $210 million when "Pirates of the Caribbean 2: Gathering Souls" was in the house, a new record in box office history. One page - all kinds of gods have soared across the board under the "super 'super bull stock'" of "Dark Night Knight", which can be said to be the biggest red market in all dynasties. You see, countless audiences are fanatical about the quality of "The Dark Knight", not only Boxofficemojo and Yahoo's user ratings are as high as A (currently ranking first in the history of box office authority website Boxofficemojo); The film critics also gave a comprehensive score of 82 (in the 2008 works that were released on a large scale, second only to "Robot Wall-E" with a score of 93; Yahoo's A-; Rotten Tomatoes website freshness 94%: 187 votes for: 12 votes against), the absolute Oscar-level masterpiece. You see, from the largest premiere scale in history of 4,366 (surpassing the 4,362 of "Pirates of the Caribbean: At World's End"), to the record of the highest premiere day and highest single-day record (surpassing the record of about $67.85 million) on Friday, July 18 "Spider-Man 3" took in $59.84 million on May 4, 2007); from $18.48 million, the highest revenue in midnight show history (beyond "Star Wars: Episode 3: Revenge of the Heath"'s $16.9 million), to The highest premiere in the history of the IMAX giant screen cinema of 6.21 million US dollars; plus 155 million US dollars in the history of the highest premiere opening results, the first in 2008, the first in July premiere works in the history of film history. 1. The premiere works of the summer program are the first in the history of film history, the "Batman" series of works are the first in the history of film history, the first in the history of superhero movies, the first in the history of film adaptations of comics... The list goes on and on. Here's a quote from my friend "God's scapegoat": "...I feel beyond words. God bless Heath Ledger, even though he's gone, I still want to bless him, without him It is impossible to create the myth of The Dark Knight. Heath Ledger's death was a Hollywood tragedy and a Hollywood legend. Heath Ledger in heaven, you can laugh because your name is It will go down in the history of film together with this great film and be remembered by future generations. This is also a perfect ending for that imperfect life. I sincerely hope that Ledger can end his career with this career. The film, got good results at the 81st Academy Awards held at the Kodak Theater in Los Angeles on February 22, 2009! ..." You see, there are countless people like me and him who are following and loving this movie; There are countless people like us who are moved by your performance and amazed by your life; not only that, but there are more people like us or better than us, who will never forget you. The performance, your work, and yourself. ...then come here, since you are gone is an irreversible fact, then I hope that parting can make (you in another world) happier, happier and more fulfilled in the future. As mentioned above, the champion "Batman 6: The Dark Knight" (The Dark Knight) scored 82 points at the box office at the same time (the second only to "Robot Wall-E" with 93 points in the large-scale release of 2008 works. ", ranking second; Yahoo's A-; Rotten Tomatoes website freshness 94%: 187 votes in favor: 12 votes against). All sorts of compliments rushed out from the usually stingy mouths of critics. "A story based on the showdown between Gotham's Joker and Patronus Batman, after peeling off the narrative coat, a difficult and contradictory philosophical proposition emerges: Do people really want heroes? What are the reasons why heroes are created? Is it for worship and waiting for it to save us, or for us to attack and slander and then quickly?", "This is more than a good comic book film? It is simply a dark, complex, deep, memorable, and A crime epic that makes people shudder!!!", "The harmony of artistry and entertainment is more perfect than the fusion of CG and real shooting in the film, a rare Shakespeare tragedy with a 'summer blockbuster' sign".... "Going high, full of emotion, sharp, ruthless and tangled, majestic and nuanced", "super-first-class film technology, encountered a group of amazing directors, showy screenwriters, and unspeakable great actors who can completely control them. ", "The process of the plot unfolding is also an academic research process that ridicules the simple and crude punishment for evil and promotes good, and provides a new development direction for such films", "With Batman's Christian Bale and 'Double-faced Man'. 'Led by Aaron Eckhart, the formidable starring cast is impeccable and impeccable."  … "The performance that caused the topic of course came from Heath Ledger, who played the 'Joker'. Usually, when we say being 'possessed', we usually refer to the leading role in biopics. Today, Ledger showed the world's shocking cold and vicious acting skills. What is 'being possessed by a virtual character'!", "Ledger's interpretation goes from the outside to the inside, showing the ugliness, terror, madness, and sorrow of a terminally ill soul indulged in 'sin', and the evil is so three-dimensional. And multi-level, enough to keep the real ghosts away", "When you see Ledger in a ghost, you can understand why he died young, because too many souls were put into the role of 'The Clown'"... …. Chicago Reader, Chicago Sun, Chicago Tribune, Christian Science Monitor, Empire, Entertainment Weekly, Cinema, Hollywood Reporter, Los Angeles Times, The New York Daily News, The New York Post, The Seattle Post, Time, USA Today, Variety, The Voice of the Village..., all authoritative organizations gave full marks. According to this trend, if the film successfully wins the North American annual championship at the final box office, the heroic rush of "The Dark Knight" at next year's Oscars will not be limited to the technical unit, including Heath Ledger's Best Supporting Actor nomination in Major sectors in China also have fairly high Olympic bid indices. Looking back at the box office trend of "The Dark Knight", because there were not only night shows after 0:00 on Friday, but even additional shows at 3:00 a.m. and 6:00 a.m. in order to meet the needs of crazy moviegoers, so the "astronomical figure" of 67.85 million US dollars finally ended. Become reality. Instead, on the Saturday marked by the whole family, "Dark Night Knight" dropped sharply by about 29.3%, grabbing $48 million; then it fell about 17.7% on Sunday, ending the three-day premiere weekend with $39.49 million. looting journey. The last Batman, 2005's "Mystery of the Shadow", reaped a total of $48.75 million in the three-day opening weekend, and today's "Dark Knight" only took five and one day to surpass it. Last year, "Spider-Man 3" showed a 61.5% drop in the second week. Although it was said that "the bat is out, no one will fight", but in contrast, Spider-Man, who is known for his grassroots and closeness to the people, is probably under "Dark Night Knight". The decline from the opening of the week is more painful, right? Is it within range if it is higher than 65%? In short, if it can maintain a revenue of $60 million over the weekend/total box office of about $240 million in 10 days, it will be quite remarkable. As long as this week's bat turf scrambles for Warner's fellow "Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince", which was released with a 15-second trailer, it won't be able to set off a bigger wave at the end of the year, and "Batman 6: The Dark Knight" will become the The probability of the box office championship is more than 60% - the reason why it is so conservative is because the "Clover File" that also relied on clever publicity to achieve "the first week of mobilization" in the spring, the results are basically the same in three days. It is equal to 1/2 of the total production value of the whole film; therefore, for Warner Bros. through a series of unmarked, art-like superb hype, the hot "Dark Knight" baked out, there is also a next weekend craze. danger of falling. Of course, like everyone's mood, I also hope that this film will be like "Flying Dutchman", ride the wind and waves and finally leave the $400 million mark behind (what an ominous metaphor, "Flying Dutchman" is obviously a submarine……). However, if you want to predict the overall operation trend of "Batman 6: The Dark Knight", it is better to aim at the $300 million level for the sake of safety. After all, it is a dark aristocrat-Batman, not the choice of the whole people. It is expected that the impetus brought by the high word of mouth and the source of "Second Entering the Palace" will make a good second wave next week. Bi Chenggong (blog)/Text