The Economist cover article: After the crisis, the cover article of this issue of The Economist argues that the future global economic situation still looks dire, and unless policymakers can act with the purpose of nurturing growth, the stability of the economic recovery will make the economic recovery difficult. Doubtful life. In September, the communiqué after the G20 summit in Pittsburgh used the term "normalcy" to describe the world economy in a relatively stable state. After last year's economic crisis, people long for stability and predictability for the future, in short, for the economy to normalize. But the question that then arises is how far from "normal" things are now, and what a "normal" economy would look like after being battered by the biggest financial crisis since the Great Depression. From the recent stock market performance, or from the short-term forecast, people may be satisfied. Output in some of the world's largest economies has stopped contracting. The IMF even estimated in its latest forecast that the global economy will expand by 3.1% next year, 1.2 percentage points higher than its April forecast. Global stock markets have rallied 64% since their trough, and corporate financing, which has hit the freezing point, is now rapidly dissolving. Bear market view holders also have to give a rationale for their views again. However, by looking deeply one can feel alert. The whole situation appears to be turning to growth, but the world economy is still far from "normal". Unemployment is still rising, and most processing industry capacity remains idle. Many of today's growth points are short-lived and volatile. The whole of global spending is driven by massive government spending, not by corporate dynamism and vitality. While massive fiscal and monetary stimulus has softened the blow to homeowners and bank balance sheets, the underlying threat has not been eliminated. In other pre-bubble economies, including the U.S., homeowners’ debt is worryingly high and banks need massive recapitalization. That means consumer spending will remain low and the cost of capital will still be higher than it was before the crisis. The world economy may grow for several quarters, but it will never return to where it was before the crisis. However, the prospect of a "new normal" relies on at least two possibilities. One is that the world economy will probably be able to return to its pre-crisis growth rate before fully regaining lost ground. This is what the IMF believes will emerge after most crises. The second is the more depressing possibility that the economy will stabilize at a low growth rate for a long time in a scenario where investment, employment and labor productivity growth are all worse than before. As the World Bank's special report on the global economy points out, the difference between the consequences of the two scenarios is huge. Long-term damage to economic growth potential can lead to sluggish income growth and declining expectations. All of these are things policymakers must avoid. To do so, they must move away from the ambiguity of supporting demand without hurting public finances; controlling unemployment levels without hindering the shift of workers from traditional to emerging industries; and, more importantly, fostering innovation. and trade, the two ultimate drivers of growth. Strong support needs are the most urgent work. The most obvious is that global spending must be rebalanced. Debt-laden U.S. consumers must rein in, while frugal nations should spend more and save less. For China, this means a further appreciation of the currency exchange rate, higher social security, and larger adjustments to subsidies to increase the share of ordinary workers' income. Structural reforms in Germany and Japan are needed to increase public spending, especially in the service sector. This political will, which has been lacking until now, has also made progress this time around at the G20 summit. The Pittsburgh summit communiqué promised to make member countries' economic policies reviewed among member states. Such audits may be ineffective, but making such a commitment is a step forward for them. Private consumption cannot surge overnight in economies with large income surpluses. The world economy has depended on governments for longer than one might think. Premature fiscal repair policies will damage the recovery. The government will eventually have to break even, but only if the private sector is strong enough to have the potential to boost economic growth. Various adjustment policies should focus on cutting government spending. Taxes on consumption or carbon dioxide emissions should be better than on wages or profits where additional revenue is needed. Governments should also address unemployment without rigidifying the labor market. High unemployment can cause long-term damage to the economy, and it can also leave the unemployed without work skills or their connection to the work environment. Such dangerous consequences also justify slowing layoffs and encouraging the use of work laws. Countries should also drop all kinds of constraints and allow new industries to replace sunset industries. More than any other factor, the path to labor productivity growth will determine the nature of the "new normal." In developed countries, innovation determines speed. In addition, trade is often more important. Both are now at risk. Capital-starved economies have begun to tighten spending on research and development. Emerging economies are also rethinking the way they rely on exports for growth. Governments in both poor and rich countries have incentives to intervene in the economy. Governments should avoid coddling certain industries with subsidies or protections. Getting market signals to work will increase labor productivity more than clumsy industry policies. The difficulty of addressing all of the above is daunting. However, the G20 summit communiqué stated that, in terms of continuity and reason, "'A sense of normalcy should not lead to complacency'". The storm of the crisis has passed, but policymakers still have much to do and avoid making more mistakes if they are to make the recovery more solid. (East Anhui)