Jobs' illness raises concerns that investors want the board of directors to disclose details Some investors see the right to have Apple's board release details of his illness and even his successor plans. Jobs announced on the 17th of this month that he would be temporarily away from work due to illness. Since neither Jobs nor Apple released further information, the news immediately sparked speculation in the market. Investors are increasingly calling for regulators to intervene, and they even hope the opportunity to get the board to unveil plans for Apple's successor. Some investors plan to submit the motion to the board of directors on Feb. 23, when the company's annual general meeting is convened. In accordance with the practice of American companies, most boards of directors remain silent about the CEO's illness out of respect for personal privacy. However, according to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Act, listed companies must actively disclose information that may affect investors' buying and selling decisions, but these two There has always been a debate about blurred boundaries. Alexa Perryman, an assistant professor at the University of Texas Christchurch School of Business, said that unless the situation develops to the stage where it is necessary to say, otherwise the average company will not take the initiative to clarify the health of the CEO. Jobs' leave will also put some pressure on the US Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). "It is difficult to develop regulations that require public companies to disclose the health of their CEOs," said an SEC official who asked not to be named. At Apple's shareholder meeting next month, shareholders will also take aim at Laborers' International Union), which requires companies to formulate regulations to regulate CEOs based on development, and to review the company's CEO succession plans every year. The alliance believes that this move can protect the rights and interests of investors. Apple executives opposed the Labor International proposal, saying the coalition sought to control the company's operations. CNET Science and Technology Information Network International Report on January 25 How Sick Is Steve Jobs? Some investors see the right to have Apple's board release details of his illness and even his successor plans. Jobs announced on the 17th of this month that he would be temporarily away from work due to illness. Since neither Jobs nor Apple released further information, the news immediately sparked speculation in the market. Investors are increasingly calling for regulators to intervene, and they even hope the opportunity to get the board to unveil plans for Apple's successor. Some investors plan to submit the motion to the board of directors on Feb. 23, when the company's annual general meeting is convened. In accordance with the practice of American companies, most boards of directors remain silent about the CEO's illness out of respect for personal privacy. However, according to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Act, listed companies must actively disclose information that may affect investors' buying and selling decisions, but these two There has always been a debate about blurred boundaries. Alexa Perryman, an assistant professor at the University of Texas Christchurch School of Business, said that unless the situation develops to the stage where it is necessary to say, otherwise the average company will not take the initiative to clarify the health of the CEO. Jobs' leave will also put some pressure on the US Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). "It is difficult to develop regulations that require public companies to disclose the health of their CEOs," said an SEC official who asked not to be named. At Apple's shareholder meeting next month, shareholders will also take aim at Laborers' International Union), which requires companies to formulate regulations to regulate CEOs based on development, and to review the company's CEO succession plans every year. The alliance believes that this move can protect the rights and interests of investors. Apple executives opposed the Labor International proposal, saying the coalition sought to control the company's operations.