IPO riches stimulate the venture capital industry: experts say don’t be short-sighted □ Our reporter Wan Jing from Shenzhen reported that at the “High-level Forum on New Power of Venture Capital Development in China” at the 10th China Hi-Tech Fair, Xu Lin, director of the Finance and Finance Department of the National Development and Reform Commission, said that the government The Guiding Fund will focus on supporting venture capital institutions that focus on investing in start-ups, and use their own resources to share the risks of investing in start-ups with venture capital institutions. Xu Lin believes that the current investment focus of many venture capital institutions has deviated from their original intentions, and they are keen to invest in mature companies that are about to go public in order to obtain quick and generous returns. Social funds invest in start-ups. Guo Junfeng, director of the Small and Medium Enterprises Division of the Beijing Municipal Development and Reform Commission, introduced that in order to solve the financing difficulties of small and medium-sized enterprises in the early stage, Beijing's government guidance funds and venture capital institutions support technology-based and innovative small and medium-sized enterprises through joint investment. The maximum contribution of the Guiding Fund is 30%, and the private venture capital institutions contribute 70%, sharing risks and playing a role of diverting a thousand pounds. Li Wei, chairman of Shenzhen-Hong Kong Industry-University-Research Venture Capital Co., Ltd., said that investing in early-stage projects should be the industry responsibility of my country's venture capital, but this industry responsibility is currently deviating. In the past two years, a number of successful IPO rich cases have stimulated the upsurge of investment in late-stage projects in the venture capital industry. On the one hand, the reputation of venture capital institutions has been damaged. Because of excessive investment in late-stage projects, they have been dubbed as speculation and short-term behavior. Preferential policies for investing in early-stage projects are useless; on the other hand, many institutions and investors flock to the venture capital industry from overheating to vicious competition, which seriously affects the healthy development of the industry. Li Wei believes that the key to the survival of the entire venture capital industry is whether it can be firm in the concept of investing in early-stage projects. Relevant government departments should introduce policies to vigorously support local venture capital institutions to invest in early-stage projects, so as to promote national industrial upgrading and healthy economic development. Feng Guanping, chairman of Shenzhen Lihe Venture Capital Co., Ltd., also believes that venture capital institutions should play the role of "angel investment", grow together with start-up companies, and nurture their growth. Investing in start-up companies is risky and the cycle is long. Venture capital companies should be patient and abandon the idea of profiteering. At the same time, pay attention to the combination of technology and finance, the combination of production, education and research, and establish a sound business incubator, in order to cultivate the best enterprises and obtain rich returns. Related reports: National Development and Reform Commission: Government Venture Capital Guidance Fund to Support Start-ups