The golden period of studying abroad: "Japan and South Korea storm" The China International Animation Festival was grandly opened in Hangzhou, which attracted the attention of many audiences. In recent years, more and more Chinese animation enthusiasts and students have gone to Japan and South Korea for further study. However, in addition to having strong educational advantages in animation and IT, Japan and South Korea are also at the forefront of the world in business, fashion design, Internet automation and other majors. Japan's "300,000 International Students Program" attracts Chinese students A few days ago, under the influence of new policies such as the "300,000 International Students Program" promoted by Japan, the Japan Immigration Bureau's visa review has been relatively relaxed. When students are allowed to apply for visas, they will go to Japan. The expected income of part-time work is also included in the calculation of the cost of studying abroad, which is equivalent to reducing the financial requirements for students. According to experts in studying abroad, the success rate of visas for studying in Japan this year is higher than in previous years. Many parents regard studying abroad as their "second choice" for their children to prepare for the college entrance examination, which has broadened the way for students to further their studies. Zhejiang students who have no Japanese foundation can choose excellent language schools, which are called "suitable schools" in Japan, such as Chiyoda International Language Institute, Tamagawa International College, ISI International College and other language schools have been recognized by the Japanese Language Education Promotion Association for a long time. Have a good reputation in Japan Immigration Bureau. Studying in South Korea is “all the way up”. At present, in order to attract international students, the Korean government encourages universities to recruit international students at a lower tuition fee than domestic students in the form of school subsidies. 50% to 70% of tuition fee waiver as a scholarship. "I think studying abroad is like an investment, and we should pursue cost-effectiveness. Now studying in South Korea costs between 40,000 and 60,000 yuan per year in tuition and living expenses, which is nearly half of what it used to be. Moreover, South Korea has no restrictions on foreign students working part-time." Ms. Zhang Said, "My son is in the third year of high school this year, and his academic performance is average. Instead of taking three exams in China, it is better to study in a famous university in South Korea." In this admissions recommendation meeting, Korea University (ranked second in South Korea), Yonsei University (worldwide) One of the 100 famous schools), Kwangyun University (the top in Korea majoring in electronics and communication), Pukyong University (one of the top 10 national universities in Korea) and other famous schools will provide a small number of admissions in 2009, and all students from senior three to freshman can sign up to participate. . (Intern Editor: Yang Mimei)