Arenas admits that he thought about how rare it would be to smile after 10 months of retirement Set foot on the arena of the official NBA game, but the Wizards lost to the New York Knicks 91-112 today. After a 50-game suspension, Arenas finally returned to the game today. His performance was somewhat hesitant as expected, but scoring 18 points in the first game of his comeback also made "General" Ali Nas finally smiled. "It was a difficult formation for me," Arenas said in an interview after the game. "The most interesting part was that I didn't get beat until everything was over, which was the weirdest part. When I was trying to get over my teammates said to me, 'raise your head'. But by the end of the season everyone was gone and no one was talking to me anymore. It was like I just got stuck in that It's the same situation, and that's when it really hits me hard." In the locker room, Arenas' image was a little sullen. When the locker room opened to reporters, Arenas had huge ice cubes wrapped around his knees and a huge bath towel over his arms. He closed his eyes and lowered his head. When asked by reporters to describe that difficult moment, Arenas said: "For a minute I was thinking about whether to retire or not because I really didn't know what to expect. I just felt that being back on the court was too much for me. Negative. I just don't know if I'm mentally ready to play again." Arenas has about $80 million left on his contract, so there's no chance of him retiring. But thanks to No. 1 overall pick John Wall, Arenas knew he had to make some changes. First of all, he came off the bench in this game, and secondly, he hesitated on the offensive end whether to attack directly. The biggest problem he faces is whether he can revive his career here, because the Wizards already have a new offensive ruler. "Players get traded," Arenas said. "When you look at the league, not many players stay on one team forever. So when I'm here I'm going to give as much as I can and do a good job. Great teammate. But basketball is basketball, it doesn't matter what city you're in. I've been here for eight years and I'm happy about it. I should have been traded a long time ago, but they didn't, they continued Trust me. I'm grateful for the trust Ted (Leonset) has in me." Today's comeback is an important first step for Arenas, who, despite having considered retiring, still wants to restore himself 's career. Arenas still wants to be the omnipotent self, and what level he can return to in the future depends entirely on his own determination. (268)