Experts predict that the seven majors that are most easily employed in the future will be held at the Shanghai 80,000-person Gymnasium on May 3. The "2009 College Entrance Examination Admissions Consultation Meeting" and the "Zhongrui Study Abroad Consultation Meeting" will be held at the same time. One was a consulting activity for studying abroad, and both activities were interesting and crowded. At the consultation site, many parents are studying abroad for their children? Or take the college entrance examination in China and weigh it repeatedly. Studying abroad has become the norm An official of the Shanghai Municipal Education Commission said: The global financial crisis has had an impact on China's economy, but the study abroad market in Shanghai is "the scenery is unique here", and more and more parents choose to send Children study abroad. At several high-level recruitment conferences held in April and May, many parents expressed their wish: on the one hand, the employment prospects of domestic universities are worrying. In order to improve their children's future employment competitiveness, they will choose to send their children if conditions permit. country gate. On the other hand, due to the devaluation of currencies in countries such as the United Kingdom, the United States, and Australia due to the financial crisis, the cost of studying abroad has been greatly reduced. As a parent, it is necessary to "actively create conditions" to send their children to study abroad. According to the incomplete statistics of Shanghai Zhongrui International Education Service Co., Ltd. (referred to as: Zhongrui Study Abbreviation), a well-known overseas study institution in China, the number of applicants for studying abroad in Shanghai from January to March 2009 increased by more than 30% over the same period last year, especially those who applied to go to the United States. the fastest growing. At the time of studying abroad, some parents think that they should let their children go to college in China before going to study abroad. One parent said: "The child's ability to live independently and adapt to the environment needs to be improved, and it is safer to study abroad for graduate school." Some parents also consider letting their children take the college entrance examination first, and then consider studying abroad if the results are unsatisfactory. However, these parents also expressed their concerns about teaching in domestic colleges and universities. One parent said: "It's really worrying to see many college graduates complain that what they study is too disconnected from their actual work needs." The reporter interviewed Zhongrui Study Abroad General Manager Yang Zhibing hoped that he could interpret how to choose between the college entrance examination and studying abroad from the perspective of an overseas study expert. Yang Zhibing believes: "First of all, parents want their children to receive the best education whether they are taking the college entrance examination to study at a university in China or studying abroad. The fundamental purpose is to have a relatively strong competitive advantage in employment when they enter the society. After this point is clarified, let's analyze it again. It’s easier to see whether you are good at studying abroad or in the college entrance examination.” “Second, the threshold for studying abroad is not as high as imagined. Individuals can study abroad if they have the financial resources, but they can study abroad without financial resources. Not all foreign universities rely on Chinese students. It is the goal of most universities to recruit outstanding students. For example, many universities in the United States provide scholarships to international students. In addition, even in countries like the United States, many universities have low tuition fees and living expenses, and a year with low tuition fees. That’s 80,000-100,000 RMB, and due to the fact that RMB’s overseas purchasing power has improved under the financial crisis, the cost of studying abroad is still decreasing. The key is to find a school that suits your economic conditions and academic performance. The right one is the best.” "Thirdly, there are generally two factors to consider when studying abroad: academic and visa. Currently, the visa policies of countries such as the United Kingdom and the United States are relatively loose as a whole, which is an opportunity for Chinese students. Will this still be the case in a few years? It is difficult to predict the easing policy of China. The opportunity is rare and should be seized." "Of course, not everyone is suitable for studying abroad. The suggestion of students' poor ability to adapt to the environment and independent living should be carefully considered. Parents' concerns are justified. In addition, we do not It is recommended that parents decide instead of their children. Studying abroad also requires hard work. Foreign universities are lenient in admission and strict in exit. If students are unwilling to study abroad, it will definitely be difficult to be sweet.”