The first annual meeting of Chinese angel investors was held today. Sina Entrepreneurship News on the morning of November 12, hosted by the Ministry of Science and Technology of the People's Republic of China, the Chinese Academy of Sciences, and the Beijing Municipal People's Government, and undertaken by the Haidian District People's Government and the Zhongguancun Science and Technology Park Management Committee "Parallel Forum of Zhongguancun Forum - The First Annual Meeting of Chinese Angel Investors" was held in Beijing today. This is the first time that Haidian District has held a conference with the theme of angel investment. The topics of the conference will include "Investment Opportunities in Zhongguancun, Haidian", "Science and Technology SME Venture Capital Guidance Fund", "Trends of Local Investment During Economic Downturn", "Current Challenges Facing China's SMEs' Financing", "Evaluation of Start-ups". Issues of common concern to early-stage investment institutions and start-up companies. The Zhongguancun area of Haidian is the area with the most intensive intellectual resources and scientific and technological personnel in the country. Since the 1980s. A large number of high-tech enterprises such as Lenovo, Founder, Datang, Hanwang, Jinshan, Huaqi, Sina, Baidu, Xinwei, and Zhongxingwei have developed and grown here. Haidian Zhongguancun continues to maintain a competitive advantage in industries such as IT technology, biomedicine, energy conservation and environmental protection, opto-mechanical integration, new materials, and creative cultural industries, and has nurtured a large number of future star enterprises and listed companies, providing domestic and foreign investors with Plenty of investment opportunities. Compared with the continuous and rapid growth of high-tech enterprises in Zhongguancun, Haidian, the shortage of entrepreneurial capital is a common problem that has long plagued high-tech small and medium-sized enterprises, especially early-stage entrepreneurial enterprises. In terms of the financing environment of technology companies in 2008, in the first half of 2008, PE and VC in China raised a total of US$49.302 billion, an increase of 190.18% over the same period last year. A total of 348 companies have received investment from PE and VC, with a total investment of US$7.383 billion, an increase of 50.56% over the same period last year. At the same time, the trend is that, due to the consideration of risk and return cycle, the investment focus of most institutional capital generally prefers companies with a clearer listing path, forming the phenomenon of "VC-PE" to some extent. The phenomenon of "financing difficulties" for companies in the seed stage or start-up stage is becoming more and more prominent. In addition, the global financial turmoil caused by the subprime mortgage crisis in the United States has also become the time background for exploring the internal mechanism of "early financing of local enterprises", revealing its risks, guiding the direction of entrepreneurship, and enterprises' decision-making on production and supply. The concept of "angel investment" originated in developed countries in Europe and the United States. The way of angel investment in the West is mainly based on individuals, and some of them have developed into investment institutions operating in the fund model. At the same time, the “angel investment” method based on individuals is also gradually taking off in China. With the first batch of entrepreneurs in China achieving commercial success and reinvesting in a personal way, more and more individual investment cases are emerging across China in recent years. Individual-based "angel investors" mainly invest in small projects with good growth potential. They take rich experience, unique industry understanding and ability to control project growth as their core advantages, focusing on seeds value discovery of early-stage and start-up companies. Compared with institutions, the angel investment method based on individuals is more flexible in operation. As an emerging investment method, "personal angel investment" is expected to make up for the early stages that various institutional capitals are still difficult to cover. Leaders of Beijing Haidian District Government and Zhongguancun Science and Technology Park Management Committee, founder of Zhonglian Capital Management Group Co., Ltd. Hou Zunzhong, Deputy Director of Financial Development Office of Torch Center of Ministry of Science and Technology Li Wenlei, Managing Director of Hanergy Investment Group Su Weizhou, Director of Yongjin Investment General Manager Yu Ming, Aixin Investment, Founding Partner of Guangsheng Law Firm Li Likai, Gobi Investment Partner Xu Chen and other well-known investors, as well as Shenzhen Dachen Venture Capital, Shanghai Yongxuan Venture Capital, Shenzhen Innovation Investment Group, Blue Oak Spokesmen from Capital, Changan Capital, Rock Asset Management, Longlin Capital and other institutions attended the meeting. (Han Zhi)