New strange thing: Japanese suffer from the unfortunate May disease. After the long holiday in May, the "May disease" as usual every year began to become popular in Japan. The most obvious symptom is that the white-collar workers in the company are listless, and many people play video games secretly. , or read a book about boredom. Once the work pressure on weekdays is released by the long vacation, it is bound to require a psychological buffer to return to it again. It is said that this is the origin of the Japanese "May disease". Compared with other holidays, the long holiday in May is very unique, because it happens to be the middle of the year, and there are no social events and ceremonies at the beginning and end of the year, so most people can enjoy it. In addition, this year, the Japanese government has made a lot of money. As long as you drive on the expressway, no matter how far you drive, the toll will be 1,000 yen. As a result, the expressway is full of cars. Instead of enjoying the long vacation, many people are very depressed by the traffic jam! In this regard, "Tokyo Stroll" released a survey report. After questioning and answering more than half of the 749 people with "May disease", it was learned that the way to solve the disease is also divided into men and women, and it is very different. Japanese men tend to eat and drink to overcome "May disease", and only 11% of 30-year-olds advocate outdoor sports. In contrast, most Japanese women advocate going out, or exercising, or hiking. According to the previous concept, Japanese women are mostly housewives, and it is a virtue to live at home every day, but the current changes show that Japanese men are increasingly retreating indoors, while women are boldly demanding to go out. "May disease" also has a beautiful name, it is said that it is called "Japanese national disease". Having said that, I think of the attack on Japanese "herbivorous men" by writer Jun Watanabe last Sunday. It seems that his accusations are not groundless!