Zhan Jun’s hotline recommendation: Gunners Chelsea are the first choice for both defense and coldness. Wigan’s Premier League game guessing in this football lottery is more difficult. The giant teams are generally vulnerable to the influence of the two international match days in the past week, not to mention the Champions League group stage is coming soon Kicked off, it is difficult for the stars to play a prominent role. Liverpool: Manchester United (3, 1): Manchester United has always been "conquering" Liverpool since the establishment of the Premier League, and Benitez still cannot change this after taking office. He only scored one point in 8 league matches with Sir Alex Ferguson. Gerrard and Torres returning from injury in time can boost their morale. Robbie Keane has scored hundreds of goals in the Premier League, and the only one who has never broken the door of the Red Devils, which may stimulate him to "break the fast" in this battle. The confrontation between the two teams has deposited too many historical origins, and it is the consensus of both sides to try not to lose. Manchester United has always had good luck at Anfield Road in recent years. In the past two years, the scene was obviously at a disadvantage, but they took three points with the goals of Tevez and O'Shea respectively. Blackburn: Arsenal (1, 0): The next 7 days will be a severe test for the Gunners. Next week's Champions League and Premier League fourth round visits to Kyiv and Bolton. Arsene Wenger was forced to make some adjustments in this arrangement. It's just that the problem of defending set-pieces is easy to lose and there is no sign of improvement for the time being. If this point is mainly attacked by the opponent, it is possible to lose points again on the road. Blackburn have not beaten the "Big Four" for almost two years, and their main players are also affected by the international break. After the old American goalkeeper Friedel left the team, Robinson's check has always been reassuring. Newcastle: Hull City (3, 1): Although Kevin Keegan is a bit "outdated", he has a high status in the minds of fans and players, not because of his record, but because of different team management concepts and angrily leaving the team Pretty demoralizing. Especially in the current situation where the wounded soldiers are full, it is difficult for assistant coach Hughton to inspire the soldiers. Against newly-promoted Maher City, their defense line is relatively reassuring. If the newly joined Spanish striker Sisko can complement Owen, the team is expected to win. Hull City was unlucky in the last round. Not only did the defender make an own goal, but Wigan's 4 shots on target were all scored. This time, he must be a lot more cautious. The main players with Premier League experience such as Boateng, Gardner and Malone King can all play this time, and will not let opponents easily take advantage. Portsmouth: Mead (3, 0): Portsmouth are not good at scoring at Fratton Park (except that 7-4 win over Reading), 11 of 20 home games in the past two seasons The field handed in a blank. It's just that Middlesbrough has been unbeaten and conceded three times in a row against them. Crouch and De Foy performed well against Everton last round, but it remains to be seen whether they can find holes in the tall Mead backline. Southgate's team is very good at counterattacking, Mido and Alves are in good form, Aliadia and Tangning are fast, maybe they can be a little cold. Manchester City: Chelsea (3, 1): Since entering '08, Chelsea has not lost in the league, maintaining a 24-game unbeaten record in the Premier League. In addition, they have won 6 consecutive victories over Manchester City, without conceding a goal. These data seem to show that the Blues should rest easy, but three days apart, they were impressed. The "upstart" Manchester City has the "standard king" Robinho, the revived Wright Wright, and the Brazilian internationals Elano and Zuer. The attacking lineup is quite strong. Captain Dunn's suspension has expired, and the defense has always been more reliable at home. It is indeed expected to rewrite the poor record against Chelsea in the past. Scolari led his team to the away game to be more conservative, and the main midfielder was missing a lot of injuries. It is estimated that, like the last round, a draw would be enough. Recommended in this issue: 1, 10, 3, 3, 30, 3, 3, 31, 1, 31, 0, 3, 30, 1. 31, 10, 3, 31, 30, 30, 3, 31, 1, 31, 0, 3, 30, 31.