The United Kingdom wants to build a fleet of unmanned ships to spray water into the sky to slow global warming (Picture) Sina Technology News Beijing time on September 2, according to the "Times" report, it looks like something from the sci-fi comic "Dan Dare", Maybe help save the world. A scientist at the University of Edinburgh has come up with a new weapon against global warming: a fleet of 1,500 unmanned sailing boats use small droplets of water formed by their wakes to rise into the air to whiten clouds for better protection. Reflects the heat of the sun. The concept includes ships powered by an improved rotary sailing technology capable of patrolling selected sea areas, churning seawater droplets into the air and rising into existing clouds. The water droplets increase the surface area of the cloud, thus whitening the cloud, reflecting more radiation back into space, compensating for the warming caused by burning fossil fuels. Stephen Salter, author of a paper published in the Royal Society's Philosophical Transactions, said: "The good thing about this approach is that it relies on wind and sea water. You can exploit this effect locally. , lowering the temperature in the Arctic or near coral reefs. It will give us complete control. We could even go back a little bit to the ice age. The effect can be large or small, or disappear completely in the event of an unexpected event." Using a sailboat Rotary aerodynamics have been abandoned for 80 years, and the boats will be powered by the wind. The Magnus Effect was first discovered by Sir Isaac Newton when he observed tennis players using spin to change the trajectory of their shots. In 1926, Anton Flettner designed a rotorcraft to sail across the Atlantic, but the technology faded away during the Great Depression. The high cost of modern materials and fuel has already sparked a revival: Earlier this month, the first rotor-powered freighter built by German energy company Enercon was launched. Salter said: "The main reason for us to utilize these rotors is that they are controlled by a computer. Traditional sailboats have been improved. It is easier to maneuver a Flettner boat. All you have to do is steer and adjust the rotor speed. Reverse the spin and you'll travel backwards." This spinning voyage unleashes amazing energy. The sailboat will cruise at 8 knots (14.8 kilometers per hour) while spraying the water droplets, but can theoretically reach 24 knots (44.4 kilometers per hour) when changing places or in bad weather - that's fast Comparable to a yacht. A spare diesel engine can also help bring these £1-2 million sailing ships back to port safely. Under the boat, propeller-like underwater turbines power the centrifuges and droplet generators. Seawater is filtered before passing through a 6-inch-diameter disk with more than 1 billion pores, producing droplets less than 1 micrometer wide. These droplets or cloud condensation nuclei are then blown into the sky by a blower housed in a rotating drum. The 300-ton "cloud fleet" will be operated from a central traffic control room. "Appropriate spray points have lots of sunlight to reflect, dependable wind and low density of boats and icebergs," Salter said. Dirt, dust or pollutants in the air act as the core, and in order for cloud boats to function they It is necessary to operate away from this environment. The waters off the coasts of California, Namibia and Peru deliver on year-round promises, while the Southern Ocean will be an important area in the Antarctic summer. Another paper, published in the same issue of the Royal Society's Proceedings of Philosophy, showed that changes in the brightness of ocean clouds could cool the planet enough to compensate for twice as much human-made carbon dioxide emissions since the Industrial Revolution. A reduction of just 3.7 watts per square meter—less than 1.1 percent of the 340 watts per square meter of heat provided by the sun on average—will keep global temperatures stable until at least 2050. Salter estimates it will cost another £20 million (about 247 million yuan) to start building ships using the technology and the science. Once launched, they will serve as a science laboratory while collecting meteorological data on aerosol action and information on ocean salinity, plankton abundance and acidity. "The ships will also be equipped with blankets and drinking water," Salter said. Working with marine emergency services, the cloud ships can also be used to rescue crew members from the water, not just the planet. (Xiaowen)