Huayuan Jiuduhui's hot sales of 1 billion Asia-Pacific tour show Hong Kong's first stop Interview Time: 15:00 on March 19, 2010 Interview Location: Sina Leju Guest Chat Room Interview Guest: Huayuan Real Estate (Corporate Zone, its real estate) Beijing Assistant General Manager of City Company Zhu Weiye Consultant (Weiye Consultant Blog) Deputy General Manager of Beijing Branch Liang Wei, Head of CBRE Project JULIA Moderator: Sina Leju Zhang Dandan Sina Leju conducted a live broadcast of the interview, the following is a wonderful record : Moderator: Dear netizens of Sina Leju, good afternoon! Welcome to our guest chat column of Sina Leju. Friends who are concerned about the real estate market know that, as a high-end project in the Yansha area, Huayuan Jiuduhui (forum photo album apartment type sample room map search) project has been selling relatively well since it opened in October last year, and it has not been long since it opened. It broke the sales performance of 1 billion, which shocked the whole market. Recently, I went to the Hong Kong exhibition tour, and I heard that it has also achieved good results. In fact, some time ago, the real estate market has a strong wait-and-see mood. In such a market environment, such achievements have been made repeatedly. What is the charm of Huayuan Jiuduhui? We have invited the marketing team of Huayuan Jiuduhui today: Ms. Zhu?, Assistant General Manager of Huayuan Real Estate Beijing City Company, Mr. Liang Wei, Deputy General Manager of Weiye Consultants Beijing Company, and Ms. JULIA, Head of CBRE Hong Kong Tour. Welcome three one Rise and uncover the secret for us! The three of us are all front-line marketers and know the features and value of our project well. Through the comparison of the current general trend, what are the three views on the hot sales of Huayuan Jiuduhui under the current wait-and-see mood? The picture shows Zhu Zhu, assistant general manager of Huayuan Real Estate Beijing City Company: Huayuan Jiuduhui has sold 1 billion yuan since its launch at the end of October last year, which can be said to be very popular. The next period of time itself is the off-season in the traditional sense, and due to the uncertainty of the policy, there is a certain wait-and-see mood. The temperature of the whole market should be much worse than that in the second half of 2009, but our project has been going very well. , because the project itself has its own characteristics, it will not be so sensitive to policy. Our project, I personally think there are two things that are very unique. One is its location value. The location is in the core area of Yansha, three or four hundred meters north of the American Embassy. This kind of location is unique among the real estate sales at this stage, and there is almost no land available for development in the future. The second is the characteristics of our project's own design and its own sense of quality. This area can be said to be a place where every inch of land is so precious. With such characteristic products, it is a matter of course that it can be favored by the market. We, Huayuan Real Estate, attached great importance to this project. In view of the situation of the land itself, we wanted to build a high-end product that is relatively livable in the core area of the noisy city, so we integrated many international design teams. The design concept does not blindly pursue high floor area ratio, but strives to create a relatively low-density and comfortable product in such a relatively crowded place. This product, from the current point of view, is successful and is recognized by everyone. In addition, in the core area of Lufthansa, there are also products like Huayuan Jiuduhui, which are stacked in layers, which are not available in other projects and are rare in the entire Beijing market. From these two points of view, it can completely offset everyone's psychological uncertainty about the policy. Therefore, although the off-season in the first two months was not as hot as the end of last year, it was still good. March sales have largely returned to last year's momentum. Moderator: It can be said that because our product has its own characteristics, it can improve the hearts of our residents. We have previously positioned this project with a target customer group before entering the market. Is our target customer group consistent with the actual situation? The picture shows Liang Wei, deputy general manager of Weiye Consultants Beijing Office Liang Wei: When we were studying this project with CBRE, we believed that our target customer group was mainly self-occupied buyers and investment buyers. They all recognize the regional value of Yansha and are very attached to this location. There are also some customers who recognize the future development potential of this area and may make a medium and long-term holding investment. Of course, in addition to these mainstream customer groups, some customers with individual attributes are not excluded. Basically, the three types of mainstream customer groups we have positioned in the early stage are basically the same as our transaction customers in the actual sales process. I would also like to add that I have a little objection to the question you just asked about waiting and watching. First of all, your so-called wait-and-see period, I think it may be that after everyone’s 700,000-unit volume last year, that is, in January and February of 2010, it is true that the tightening of relevant policies last year made the transaction volume at the end of last year reach the highest in history. In my impression, the first and second-hand houses add up to 700,000 units. Suddenly the year turns around, the volume starts to drop, and everyone starts to panic. Actually, I am against this view. At present, you may see the data in March in the market, which may be a rebound in volume compared with February. I don't think the market is in a wait-and-see state. In addition, for the Huayuan Jiuduhui project, its characteristics are very obvious. The current land supply is basically outside the Fourth and Fifth Ring Roads. Only the project supply in the urban core area is showing a downward trend. This contradiction between supply and demand will become more and more obvious from this time point to the future time period. Under such a market trend, I believe that the supply of high-end products in the core area of the city will be in short supply, and the quantity may fluctuate, but I believe that the price will continue to show an upward trend. I think this feature will be very obvious. Therefore, why is a project like Huayuan Jiuduhui, in addition to its own characteristics, the scarcity of this product and the expectation of future product appreciation, which also led to a geometric increase after the Spring Festival. Moderator: Thank you very much for your addition. You also mentioned just now that many of our customers actually have a goal of increasing and maintaining value when they purchase our projects. We all know that the current global economic situation is not particularly good. Mr. Zhu, do you think this will have a certain impact on projects where investment-oriented customers like us occupy a certain proportion? Zhu?: I don't think so. It is precisely because the current global economic situation is not very good. Under such circumstances, the real estate investment will show a positive trend, especially in such first-tier cities, including Beijing. Beijing's future goal is to become an international city. What is the concept of an international city, that is, cities like Tokyo in Japan, New York in the United States, Hong Kong and other cities have relatively strong economic strength, great political influence, relatively high living standards, relatively complete urban infrastructure construction, and relatively harmonious ecological environment. There is still a big gap between them, and there is great potential for housing prices to rise. In the future, Beijing will enter this level, which makes people's imagination very large. In particular, there is less and less land in Beijing now. From the current point of view, you have to consider the return on investment (rent), which cannot be calculated. Everyone is looking at future appreciation expectations. I think the more under such market expectations, the more these people have this need to invest their money in this area. Liang Wei: I believe that JULIA will have more say on this point. The picture shows JULIA JULIA, the relevant person in charge of the CBRE project: Generally, when the economic situation is not very good, some investors are willing to make long-term investments, because it may be a very rational choice to enter the market at this time. Moderator: You said just now that we will attract some of these people to China. As our economic status in China and the world changes, will more and more people come to invest in the luxury real estate market in the future? JULIA: I think it's a two-level issue. First, it will definitely be determined according to the planning of Beijing and the international metropolis in the next few years. We have now seen that more people from different countries are interested in investing in first-tier cities in China. However, according to my own experience, the price of luxury houses in the first-tier cities in Beijing is Shanghai, which is far from the so-called luxury houses in such an international city. As far as we are concerned, many people who have bought the Huayuan project in Beijing through our introduction think that the location is very good and the cost performance is good. It can be called one of the few good projects. For our investors, he is more optimistic about the investment potential of this project. Zhu?: It is a product with a good price/performance ratio. JULIA: From this point of view, our previous customers in Hong Kong and Singapore are more obvious. Moderator: Are there more customers like us at present? Zhu?: Part of it. Because after all, since 2010, when the policy becomes stricter, it will indeed have some impact. But when we went to Hong Kong last week, from the press conference to the media presentation to the final exhibition tour, everyone was very enthusiastic. JULIA: From the current point of view, our project has been selling well in China since its launch, and there has not been much opportunity to introduce products to overseas investors. After we have completed the first phase of the house procedures, we will come up with some new houses, and we also hope to recommend this good project to more interested investors overseas. i want to comment