Opportunity rover successfully climbed out of the 800-meter-diameter Mars crater (picture) Opportunity rover climbed out of the Victoria Crater Victoria Mars crater The bureau's "Opportunity" rover has successfully "climbed" out of the Victoria Crater with a diameter of about 800 meters. Opportunity has probed the crater from inside since September 2007. Paolo Bellutta of NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory, the engineer responsible for controlling Opportunity, announced to the international team of scientists and engineers involved in the mission: "The rover has returned to a flat surface. The ground." In the process of climbing out of the crater, Opportunity used the crater entry route opened about a year ago as the exit route, and after traveling 6.8 meters (22 feet), it finally "climbed" over the top of the inner slope and Travel through the wavy sand on the crater rim. Opportunity completed its scientific work at Victoria Crater about a month ago. In view of this, the team in charge of the rover decided to let Opportunity leave the crater. It is reported that the excavation operation was staged later on the 28th, and the entire trip reached 50 meters (164 feet). "We have embarked on another adventure at Meridian Flat. We have safely entered the crater, completed the related detection work, and then left safely. We have been worried about the failure of the 'Opportunity' wheel, and if this happens, we will be trapped in the crater." Since the successful landing in the "Meridian Plain" region of Mars , "Opportunity" has made Victoria Crater the focus of its Mars mission, which has so far been probed for more than 22 months. About 800 meters (half a mile) in diameter, Victoria Crater exposes rock formations that reveal the environmental conditions of the region during the lengthy process of rock formation and change. After Opportunity left the relatively small "endurance pit" in late 2004, the team settled on Victoria as its next major destination. Over the next 22 months, Opportunity approached Victoria, stopping several times to study the route and escaping a bunker. In September 2007, Opportunity came to the edge of Victoria for the first time. For nearly a year, it probed around the rim to find the best route into the pit while studying the rock formations in a series of bulges. The bulge is a feature of the Victoria Crater rim area. Now, Opportunity has completed its exploration of Victoria and returned to Meridian Flat. With this in mind, the rover team plans to use tools on Opportunity's robotic arm over the next few months to examine a series of pebbles—rocks the size of a fist or larger—that may have contributed to the crater. The crater formed by the impact was ejected from the area that Opportunity could not reach. The Jet Propulsion Laboratory, a division of Caltech, operates the rover for NASA's Science Mission Directorate in Washington. (Xiaowen) Related reports: Phoenix sends back pictures of Mars landscapes like postcards