Vanke Quality Experience Tour Leju Club advocates quality first Sina Real Estate News: On April 24, 2010, the Leju Club (Weibo) Vanke (Weibo) Quality Experience Tour set off smoothly. The event received strong response from netizens, and 100 enthusiastic members were invited to attend in person. Leju Club guides home buyers to truly identify the pros and cons of real estate from comprehensive factors such as construction quality, property conditions, and surrounding environment, and strives to speak with facts. Big hot plate. Vanke Xingyuan·Building a boutique hydrophilic garden Xiaobian learned that this is the second community famous for its scenery built by Vanke after the city garden. Located 2.5 kilometers north of the Asian Games Village, Vanke Star Park is adjacent to the 13,000-mu Olympic National Forest Park to the west and the planned Central Sports Park to the north. The green coverage rate in the community is as high as 62%, and the internal and external environments complement each other. The landscape design hosted by Bell Gaolin Landscape Design in the United States focuses on the theme of "symbiosis between people and the environment". The flexible layout of 15 butterfly-shaped buildings makes the green spaces between the buildings well-proportioned. Its "hydrophilic garden" feature is mainly reflected in the strong waterscape setting. In the community, water is distributed in various forms such as waterfalls, stacked water, flowing water walls, lake surfaces, dry rivers, etc., either static or dynamic, intermittently, and in various forms, making the air in the community more friendly and moist to the eyes. Living in it, you can enjoy the rich and convenient human resources and relax in the fresh and clean green atmosphere. Vanke Xishan Courtyard · Uniquely Showing Royal Heritage Xishan Courtyard is located by the beautiful Jingmi Drainage Canal in Haidian District, Beijing. The lakes are scattered and the west hills meander like a screen. For a hundred years, it has been highly rewarded by royal nobles, literati and scholars, and famous families. Through the accumulation of history for centuries, this land presents a profound and long-standing Gaohua temperament. Relying on the advantages of the Leyline environment, this community has become a new model of low-density residential buildings in Zhongguancun. Vanke COFCO Ziyuan · Staged Urban Changes Based on the advantages of transportation, the design of this community is also excellent: it embodies the concept of "city" as a whole, takes the old and new changes of the city as the main line, and interprets the historical process of a city. By changing the facade and adding different architectural elements, the historical fragments of a city in different periods are presented in front of your eyes. The blending of various cultures in different periods makes the project have rich connotations and diverse rhythms .Several major apartment types such as Xinzhai, Fengya, Hongru, Ritual Order, Shanjie and so on bring the huge historical process into every warm little home. Vanke Changyang Peninsula·Building a City of a Lifetime This project was jointly launched by Vanke and COFCO, bringing a revolution in the quality of living in Fangshan area. At the same time, the excellent traffic conditions are also worthy of integration: the community is located on the south side of Jingliang Road, about 5 kilometers away from Jingshi Expressway, and only more than 10 kilometers from Liuli Bridge on the West Third Ring Road of Jingshi Expressway to the exit of Jingliang Road. Light rail transit is at the door, Fangshan Line can be transferred with Metro Line 9, and it is convenient to reach urban hot spots such as Lize Business District, Gongzhufen, Zhongguancun and so on. Excellent product genes and brand-new planning concepts have built the "city of a lifetime" in the minds of residents. "Never-stopping footsteps, endless troubles, and countless crowds, this is how I felt when I participated in some media tours," Ms. Hu, who was sitting in the front row of the bus, told the editor, "But this event It’s really different, Vanke’s high quality can be seen and touched, and Leju Club’s services are also top-notch.” With high-quality housing stock, Leju Club deliberately strives for the qualification of Vanke's exclusive experience group, becoming the first media in the country to hold the Vanke experience event. "We do not rely on publicity or the number of people. We accompany netizens to identify the pros and cons of real estate from comprehensive factors such as construction quality, property conditions, and surrounding environment, and speak with facts." The staff of Leju Club concluded. The above information is for reference only, and the final announcement by the developer shall prevail. This manuscript is the exclusive original manuscript of Sina Leju, all rights reserved. Please indicate the source when citing or reprinting. >>Click to sign up for the June 5 Leju Club Vanke Quality Experience Tour I want to comment