Peng Jiuyang: My soul flies Berlusconi antique collector (photo) In the early morning of September 9th, 2008, my father said to my mother: Call Xiao Boer back, I'm afraid I won't be able to get out of the hospital ! At noon, my father said again: Don't call, come back when you're done! At three o'clock in the afternoon, I received an instruction from my sister: Boer, come back when you have finished crying! My father vomited blood again. For the first time in my life, I felt that my soul was not in my body, it was like a gas floating around, innumerable, untouchable, invisible, and chasing. My brain was occupied by my father's smiling face, except that the bright red blood kept oozing from his white teeth. I don't want to recall my soul because I'm just as dazed with it. These days I have been having a high fever, and my whole body doesn't look like a human being. I am a walking dead, a wandering spirit, or a child who is too frightened and sad. My heart is much faster than the plane. Although it is a little broken, it blesses deeply and prays sincerely: Dad insist! Dad, you must do it! Arsenal's midfield is equally soul-stirring! "Ferramini" was poached by AC Milan, "Hleb" defected to Barcelona, and "Gilberto Silva" left for Greece, leaving only "Little Fa" alone. Last season, they were well-organized and imposing. They spent two-thirds of the season in the position of the boss. In the final sprint stage, due to the lack of depth and experience on the bench, in the end, they were all empty. "Xinnu" has missed any championship for three consecutive years. In the summer transfer market, they insist on a younger mentality. I think it is difficult for them to improve substantially this season. However, the competition in the Premier League today is like sailing against the current. Rival Blackburn, who is wildly nicknamed "The Violent Book", asks for road money when they encounter "Sinnu". Two years ago, after the replay of the FA Cup "Sinu", he was buried at "Ewood Park", causing the Gunners to collapse in the season. I have noticed that Arsenal are usually in a slump in the league after each international break. Choose 3, 1. AC Milan is the exact opposite of the situation of "Xiannu", which can be called the "strength brother" in the Serie A transfer market. Their boss "Berlusconi" must have a hobby of collecting antiques, such as the collection of scrapped nuclear warheads "Sheva", and the collection of rabbit-toothed belly "Xiao Luo", comparable to the history of Terracotta Warriors "Martini", "Da Ying Za Ji", unfortunately, the Chinese "Kaka" and the hound "Gattuso" who rushed into the ditch and fractured were injured. In the first round, they lost to Bologna, who returned to Serie A, and this time they played a guest against Genoa, which was firmly in the middle of last season. "Borriello" was Genoa's top scorer last season and the Serie A Bronze Boot winner. Originally an outcast from AC Milan, he returned to Milan's arms this season, but he couldn't escape a single injury. However, Genoa found the Argentine striker "Milito" and Serbia's "Jankovic" who can definitely pose a certain threat to AC Milan. Choose 3, 1. For the football lottery game quiz that ends this Saturday, my prediction results are: 3/0, 3/1, 3, 3, 3/1, 3, 3, 1/0, 3/0, 3/1, 0 , 3, 3/1, 1 The football lottery game quiz that ends this Sunday, my prediction results are: 1, 1, 3/1, 3, 3/1, 1/0, 3/1, 3/1 , 1, 3/0, 3, 3/0, 3, 3 (Peng Jiuyang)