99's new Dota team gameplay leads players to "Do you play Dota?" "Do you have your own partner?" "Are you a black shop?" "You are shouting 'take over' every day in the rooms of the major battle platforms?" " Let's take a more direct way. The stage of the 5-player black shop "..." If there is any battle platform without passers-by, it must sound incredible. But it is true - the 99 battle platform is for the masses Designed for black shop players, its exclusive "match mode" makes you quickly forget that there are passerby rooms on this platform and concentrate on the game. Of course, the black shop mode can only be used by black shops, even if you are already a 4 small blacks can only linger outside the door. If there is any disadvantage of this platform, then this is its disadvantage: the most exciting part of it, it takes 5 people to see. "If you are only one person, go fight Passers-by, satisfy yourself with endless super-gods. " "If you are a few people, go to Xiaohei. Cooperation between friends can promote communication and deepen feelings." " "If you are a complete team, come to the 99 battle platform, you will find that only here is the paradise that belongs to the team. "Note: It is only designed for 5-player black shops. The unique game mode "Competition" is a brand-new way of playing on the 99 platform. Here, as long as you form a team, you can choose and change opponents at will for any length of time - they All teams are as prepared as you are - to have a fun, exciting and memorable night. Choose the game mode on the 99 platform and you will get: The same black shop opponent; Find an opponent within 5 seconds; An opponent who wants to play the game just like you, rather than an opponent who wants to retreat or hang in seconds; An opponent who is so high that you feel that even if you open the map, you can't beat it, such as Ehome. If you choose the game mode on the 99 platform, you will lose: long waiting time; the experience of swiping the screen in the room in order to find an opponent; various rich seconds to retreat experience; the feeling of premature ejaculation ending the battle in 15 minutes - of course if you If you like to abuse vegetables, you can also keep it. The water friend war is about to start. Teams from well-known domestic sites such as Replays.net, Sgamer.com, Pcgame.com.cn are competing here! Not only entertainment, but also competition. Make more friends Friends, try to update the gameplay and experience better fun. More mysterious teams will join as the final Boss to compete for the grand prize! All for ?cm! For more exciting, please lock on the 99 battle platform, www.99gaming.com. http://www .99gaming.com/register?ally=1005