Ah Shuai: The last change of Hill is to ensure that the rebounding Miller is still not 100% healthy Sina Sports News Beijing time on November 5th, Houston local time Thursday, November 4th news, after two consecutive days of rain, Houston finally cooled down and entered the In autumn, the sunshine in Houston today is very good. However, the Rockets, which started with a 4-game losing streak, have no feeling that the rain has passed. They are still lingering in the trough of invincibility, and the next away game against the Spurs will also be inauspicious. After today's training, coach Adelman accepted an interview with reporters. Regarding the substitution of Yao Ming at the end of the last game, Adelman explained: "I replaced Jordan to ensure the rebound. He protected the rebound well throughout the game. Because he was young, he may make many mistakes, but he We can see his efforts, and I will give him some chances in the future to see how he can finish. Another insider, Miller, has some problems with his ankle, and he is not yet 100% recovered. I know he can be good. Yesterday, Yao Ming can play and Jordan Hill's performance should be similar. However, this is not our plan for the whole season, and we will continue to explore. Now we need to strengthen the defensive end. This is also what Jordan can give us." A reporter asked: "Now the Rockets are off to a very bad start, and are going to San Antonio, is the team feeling a lot of pressure?" "It's nothing." Adel "We just need to prepare well to win," Mann said. "I've been in this predicament before, where there's a lot of pressure to win the next game. We didn't have a good record there, but it It's not an excuse we can look for, we still have to work hard to win the game. Thinking about pressure or something doesn't help us at all." "Now we should concentrate on the work at hand and see if we can use the training in training. Bring progress to the game, not caring about other things," the head coach concluded. (Houston China Times Volcanic Bird) Sina Sports News Beijing time on November 5th, local time in Houston, Thursday, November 4th news, after two consecutive days of overcast and rainy days, Houston has finally cooled down and entered the autumn. Today's Houston sunshine is very good. However, the Rockets, which started with a 4-game losing streak, have no feeling that the rain has passed. They are still lingering in the trough of invincibility, and the next away game against the Spurs will also be inauspicious. After today's training, coach Adelman accepted an interview with reporters. Regarding the substitution of Yao Ming at the end of the last game, Adelman explained: "I replaced Jordan to ensure the rebound. He protected the rebound well throughout the game. Because he was young, he may make many mistakes, but he We can see his efforts, and I will give him some chances in the future to see how he can finish. Another insider, Miller, has some problems with his ankle, and he is not yet 100% recovered. I know he can be good. Yesterday, Yao Ming can play and Jordan Hill's performance should be similar. However, this is not our plan for the whole season, and we will continue to explore. Now we need to strengthen the defensive end. This is also what Jordan can give us." A reporter asked: "Now the Rockets are off to a very bad start, and are going to San Antonio, is the team feeling a lot of pressure?" "It's nothing." Adel "We just need to prepare well to win," Mann said. "I've been in this predicament before, where there's a lot of pressure to win the next game. We didn't have a good record there, but it It's not an excuse we can look for, we still have to work hard to win the game. Thinking about pressure or something doesn't help us at all." "Now we should concentrate on the work at hand and see if we can use the training in training. Bring progress to the game, not caring about other things," the head coach concluded. (Houston China Times Volcano Bird)