Solicitation of opinions on new demolition regulations Scholars believe that the public should benefit. The State Council solicited comments on the new demolition regulations on January 29, stipulating that forced relocation should be compensated first, and the compensation should not be lower than the market price of similar real estate; violent demolition such as water, electricity, gas, etc. is prohibited; The renovation of dilapidated houses can only be carried out with the consent of more than 90% of the expropriated persons; and the scope of public interest has been clarified for the first time. Although some media reported that the draft for comments made clear provisions on "public interests", in fact there is still a lot of controversy. The most critical point is whether the renovation of dilapidated and old houses should be included in the scope of public interests. Qiu Feng, an independent scholar, said that the renovation of dilapidated and old houses is basically commercial development. This draft obviously takes the opinions of local governments into consideration too much. Regarding the determination of public interest, he believes that the draft should proceed from three aspects. First, by listing which land is for public interest, and the other is "exclusion", it is clearly stipulated which projects are not for public interest and should be prohibited from expropriation; The procedural safeguards are indeed in the public interest land. Qiufeng believes that, for example, the compensation and resettlement agreement requires the consent of two-thirds of the households, which is obviously too low. The so-called public interest should be approved by the largest number of the public. The new demolition regulations (draft for comments) contain too many policy concepts. The reporter of this newspaper interviewed Wang Liming, member of the Standing Committee of the National People's Congress and vice president of Renmin University of China, by telephone. He is one of the participants in the new demolition regulations. He first believed that the new regulations clarified the scope of public interest, and that something is better than nothing. In addition, the scope of public interest embodied in the draft is basically acceptable. In the process of drafting the draft, someone proposed that the government's planning should be included in the "public interest", but now the draft does not adopt this point. Among them, "the needs of laws, administrative regulations and other public interests stipulated by the State Council" also reflect the opinions of their jurists. As for whether the renovation of dilapidated and old houses is in the public interest, Wang Liming expressed his opinion to this reporter. He believes that the original intention of the renovation of dilapidated and old houses was indeed for the consideration of public interests. He believes that the "renovation of dilapidated and old houses implemented by government organizations" is included in the scope of public interest, which can curb and overcome the momentum of violent demolition. For the renovation of dilapidated and old houses, "more than 90% of the expropriated people must agree", and the compensation plan "should obtain the consent of more than two-thirds of the expropriated people", Wang Liming said, these are from Shanghai's experience. A scholar who has been concerned about land expropriation for a long time pointed out that foreign public welfare land is very clear, and there should be no loopholes that can be exploited. The renovation of dilapidated houses is a very vague concept. Whether this behavior is a public interest or not depends on what the land is used for after land acquisition. If it is used to build a commercial establishment, it is obviously not in the public interest. Zhang Qianfan, a professor at Peking University Law School, has previously published an article arguing that the primary key to land acquisition and demolition is citizen participation. The public interest and fair compensation are important, but without civic participation, everything is in vain. Under the current institutional environment, we cannot expect independent judicial adjudication to keep the bottom line of fair market prices; nor can we expect the People's Congress to actively defend rights and the government to be passive and self-disciplined. Therefore, even if the laws and regulations clearly stipulate, it is difficult to guarantee that the land acquisition and demolition in practice are really for the real purpose. the "public interest". A reform without citizen participation will inevitably produce a set of plans without citizen participation. Hopefully, the following public opinion solicitation procedure can make up for the shortcomings of the new demolition regulations. Our reporter Zhang Chuanwen I want to comment