North Korea's unique patent anecdote: Men are "trousers" Kim Il-sung once said: "Pants are worn by men." Therefore, in North Korea, regardless of the spring, summer, autumn and winter, North Korean women will respond to the leader's call and resolutely only wear skirts, of course, in North Korea In the middle of winter, smart lesbians will wear cotton trousers under long North Korean skirts to protect against the cold. Some old and active retired grandmothers will supervise every passing pedestrian with revolutionary eyes on the road to see if they wear the badge of the chairman, and see whether each woman wears a skirt below. It is said that only foreign women in Pyongyang can enjoy "privileges" that ordinary North Korean female citizens cannot enjoy, and they can wear pants. If there is a woman on the street, 80% of the time, an old North Korean lady will run over, grab it with lightning speed, and reprimand: "Tongwu (in North Korea, people say that they are on the same level as themselves). Or someone lower in rank than yourself is a colleague, and someone higher than yourself is a comrade), can you wear pants as a woman? "After knowing this custom, they go out and follow the local customs and wear skirts only, and they can't help but be reprimanded:" The same Wu, didn't you read today's "Rodong Sinmun"? How can you casually wear a skirt above the knee?" In North Korea, because all women wear skirts, regardless of spring, summer, autumn and winter, men only wear trousers. Therefore, they call men "trousers" again, and it is said that North Korean women commonly call men "trousers". Unmarried men are called "new pants", those who have been divorced are called "old pants", and those who are divorced again are relegated to "broken pants". In addition, there are three kinds of "trousers" that are most favored by girls, they are "military pants", "party pants", and "school pants" (ie soldiers, party members and cadres and men with high education). North Korean girls are eager to be the spouses of these three types of "pants".