Home of Fortune 500: Hopson World Village successfully held the white-collar dating activity “Love—Buy a House—Marriage”, which is a love trilogy of contemporary urban men and women. On the eve of Chinese Valentine's Day in 2009, at the project site of Hopson World Village, Jiayuan Jiayuan joined hands with Hopson Real Estate to create a large-scale comprehensive dating event of "Encounter with Hepson World Village, Wonderful Experience of Century Jiayuan's Wedding House". China's busiest "matchmaker", Jiayuan of the Century, and Hopson Real Estate, a leader in the real estate industry dedicated to providing home-buying solutions for marriageable people, tell a story of love and reality. On August 15th, with such curiosity, the reporter participated in this wonderful wedding room experience activity. When we arrived at the sales center, there were already several Jiayuan members chatting under the arrangement of the staff, and the spacious hall was very lively. Under the leadership of the staff, members of Jiayuan Jiayuan can visit the model houses in an orderly manner and make friends and chat with their fellow members. Accompanied by the staff, they can express their doubts in a timely manner and get pertinent answers. The reporter interviewed a lady who was participating in the event. Although the weather was very hot these days, it did not affect the enthusiasm for participating in the event. She said that it was the first time to participate in the event on such an occasion, but everyone was very frank, and the topic of chat was more focused on the house. In addition, she was full of praise for the project here. She originally planned to stay for a long time and then go back, but after seeing the model house, she planned to spend some more time asking questions about the price and type of units. It is reported that Hopson World Village, the benchmark and chief private golf community in Yizhuang, will open in September. The superior geographical location and convenient transportation environment make the real estate project in hot approval. It is reported that since the opening of the model room, in just half a month, there have been more than 500 prospective customers, and the fundraising is still in progress. From August 1st, customers who pay 20,000 yuan in earnest money to buy a house will receive a discount of 11,888 yuan on the opening day. On the day of the event, more than 500 white-collar workers arrived in the CBD and Yizhuang area. After visiting the 88-square-meter, 91-square-meter and LOFT model rooms, they played wonderful interactive games and left warm and beautiful memories in the world village. The person in charge of Hopson World Village talked about the original intention of holding this event: Hopson World Village is the home of the world's top 500. The large community of 600,000 square meters has world-class facilities. I hope more white-collar friends can find their homes here. , your other half, your own home. Yizhuang's second living area is good news. Hesheng World Village rewrites the regional benchmark. The Ma Majuqiao area located in the south of Yizhuang Economic and Technological Development Zone is planned to be the second living area of Yizhuang, and the value of the area has yet to be tapped. At present, due to the frequent increase of favorable factors, it is poised to become a new hot spot in the property market. According to reports, the subway Yizhuang Line, which was originally expected to be completed in May 2012, has recently launched major positive news. Metro Yizhuang Line will be opened to traffic in 2010 ahead of schedule. It is understood that the starting point of the subway line is the south side of Songjiazhuang Line 5, and the end point is Yizhuang Railway Station. At the same time, after seven years of competition for the location of the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei three locations, the site selection work for the second airport in the capital has been "settled", and Beijing's Daxing District has become the final winner. According to the overall planning of Beijing, the Capital Second Airport will become one of the two largest investment projects in the transportation sector in Beijing in the next few years. Its preliminary demolition and bidding work will be completed within two years, and it will be opened for operation in 2015. The scale will meet the annual passenger flow demand of 60 million passengers. Industry analysts believe that the site selection of Daxing will make Maju Bridge a major traffic route from the city to the airport, which will inevitably exert a positive and strong accumulation effect and radiation effect on the regional economy. "The early opening of the subway, the construction of the new airport and other factors have indeed added a lot of benefits to the opening of the Hopson World Village. What buyers really care about is whether the regional value has room for development." The relevant person in charge of the Hopson World Village believes that the Majuqiao area has received a lot of attention More and more people are paying attention because the regional value has huge room for appreciation. It is hard to imagine that after three years, the subway will be available and the supporting facilities will be mature, and the real estate in the area will double at a rate of several times. "In fact, with the presence of brand developers, the upgrade of real estate quality in the Majuqiao area will further promote the overall development of the area," said the relevant person in charge of Hopson World Village. It is understood that with the saturation of the first living area in Yizhuang, the Majuqiao area, which is the second living area in Yizhuang, focuses on quality life. "With a good industrial background and a large number of high-end people, after the introduction of the Majuqiao 'Yizhuang Second Living District' plan, brand developers such as Gemdale, Pearl River, Forte, Zhuoyue, Hesheng, etc. The entry of Yizhuang has also become the main reason for the quality upgrade of Yizhuang real estate projects." Industry insiders analyzed. Hopson World Village is a world-class facility to build a home for the world's top 500. It is reported that Hopson World Village has a total construction area of 630,000 square meters. Considering the scarcity of commercial, leisure and entertainment facilities in the region, Hopson World Village will build a 30,000-square-meter community private golf course, a 100,000-square-meter shopping mall, and a 13,000-square-meter five-star business club. The completion and investment of community facilities in the World Village will largely alleviate the needs of users of various real estate projects in the Majuqiao area for living facilities. The opening of Hopson World Village will focus on 360-degree panoramic golf villas and the most villa-like loft mansion. Among them, the 360-degree panoramic golf house is adjacent to the 30,000-square-meter golf driving range, with one bedroom of 50 square meters, two bedrooms of 88-91 square meters, and three bedrooms of 118 square meters. From the perspective of the occupants, taste and fashion are eclectic. The most villa-like loft mansion is the first to create an extreme height of 5.49 meters. In terms of layout design, the upper and lower double standard-storey international quality space, 160% ultra-high utilization rate, buy one floor and get two floors, the space can be divided freely and created at will. Chunming living room, independent kitchen and bathroom, super large surface width, follow the classic 270° panoramic octagonal window design of Hopson Group. The person in charge of Hopson World Village believes, "The positioning and price of Hopson World Village are compared to some residential projects in the urban area, and they spend the same money to live a different quality of life. The customer population of this real estate is mainly defined as the society above 30 This group of people pursues a more comfortable and delicate quality life, and Hopson World Village will also strive to create a living space that satisfies customers. The golf course and clubhouse of the project will be integrated with the entire project. Imagine a family of three , the husband is practicing at the golf driving range, and the children are playing in the garden. In the evening, as long as the wife stands upstairs and calls out, the family can hear it. What a beautiful picture of life, it is also in the fast-paced modern life, The warm family feeling that urban people most desire. Adhering to this planning concept, the Hopson World Village project will greatly improve the urban facilities of Majuqiao Town and Jinqiao Science and Technology Industrial Base, and will certainly become a benchmark project in the Majuqiao area. "I want to comment