Hidden Rule: Going Abroad Financial Services Has Become a Compulsory Course for Study Abroad , the study abroad market is heating up. Starting from next month, the senior high school entrance examination and the college entrance examination will be carried out one after another, and the application for studying abroad will also enter the final stage. Different exchange of foreign exchange can reduce the risk of exchange rate fluctuation. In the process of foreign currency financial management, ordinary citizens generally have the misunderstanding of "not distinguishing between cash accounts and remittance accounts". In fact, my country's foreign exchange savings accounts can be divided into cash accounts (cash accounts) according to their nature. and spot account (remittance account). Han Fang, a financial consultant at the Overseas Financial Service Center of Bank of China Beijing Branch, pointed out that before studying abroad, you must first open a "remittance account". If you have a foreign exchange draft, you can only open a cash account. Under the premise of compliance with foreign exchange management regulations, the foreign exchange in the remittance account can be directly remitted abroad or transferred, while the banknote account must go through the bank's "banknotes into foreign exchange" procedures before it can be processed, which invisibly increases the handling fee. In addition, if it is converted into RMB, the exchange rate of the banknote account is lower than the exchange rate of the remittance account. It is not recommended to purchase foreign exchange at one time during the foreign exchange exchange process. In the past, parents always used to send one year's tuition or living expenses to their children at one time. However, given the current exchange rate is at a historically high level, this is not recommended at present. Calculate the expected tuition fees for the next semester and living expenses for the past two months, and then make appropriate amount of exchange remittances to reduce the increase in the cost of studying abroad due to exchange rate changes. According to the current regulations of the SAFE, each domestic resident can exchange USD 50,000 or the equivalent of USD 50,000 in foreign currency every year. It is recommended that parents look for opportunities to exchange and remit money in installments within a year. In addition, international students should allocate the foreign currency they bring with them reasonably, and it is impossible to take them abroad in cash. They should also cooperate with traveler's checks, drafts, wire transfers, credit cards, etc. Han Fang told reporters that a certain bank now has a business of "opening an account with overseas witnesses". You can open an account before you go to the corresponding country for study (currently, there are four countries including the United States, the United Kingdom, Australia, and Canada). It is more convenient to wire transfer tuition and living expenses. ■Case Xiaobei is going to study in Australia and needs to exchange for Australian dollars, but the Australian dollar has risen sharply recently, and she does not know how to exchange the most cost-effective currency. At the same time, she learned that after the exchange, the handling fee to be paid for choosing a draft is less than that of a wire transfer. She considers that if she chooses wire transfer, it is better to choose the contracted bank of the beneficiary bank, which can save the transfer fee for remittance and speed up the time when the money arrives. Is it correct for the experts to think this way? >>Expert Analysis Liu Ning, Personal Finance Business Department, Bank of Communications Beijing Branch analyzed: First of all, it is best to exchange the local currency of the destination country for overseas students to avoid exchange rate losses due to arbitrage, so Xiaobei should choose to exchange for Australian dollars. Since the current Australian dollar exchange rate is at a low level for a long time, it is recommended to exchange it according to the academic year; secondly, after the exchange, the funds can be taken out of the country through financial products such as remittance, traveler's checks, bills, credit cards, and international debit cards. If you need to choose a remittance method, you can choose wire transfer or bill transfer according to the school's requirements; third, wire transfer, bill transfer, traveler's cheque and other services are subject to handling fees or telegraphic charges, and the standard rates of each bank are different, and the collection method is also different. , the arrival time of remittance is also different, customers should choose according to their own needs. The transfer fee is generally charged by the transfer bank of the remittance or the bank that arrives at the other party, and the standards vary. ■Case 2 Xiao Wang is going to study in the UK soon and is going through the visa and other procedures. The exchange rate of the pound has been declining recently. At present, the purchase of foreign exchange has saved a lot of money. She would like to ask the experts whether it is better to buy foreign exchange at a time at a low level or wait for more. right opportunity? Should you prepare for living expenses or tuition first? >>Experts analyze the advice of the Personal Finance Business Department of ICBC Beijing Branch. If there is no standard proof for "living expenses", but the "estimated living expenses + tuition fee" in the year is greater than the equivalent of 50,000 US dollars, it is recommended that you purchase the "living expenses" within the annual total amount. Living expenses”, and then pay for tuition fees. At the same time, as the RMB continues to appreciate, do not buy foreign exchange too early, but the recent depreciation of the pound, the Australian dollar and the euro has been obvious, with the pound depreciating by 50%, the Australian dollar by 30% and the euro by 20%. Some remittances, which can be used again at that time, can save about 100,000 yuan (take GBP as an example). The foreign currency draft fee is cheaper than the wire transfer. Choosing a suitable international payment tool can not only save the cost of foreign exchange, but also reduce many unnecessary troubles. There are various ways to take money out, such as cash, money order, traveler's checks, international credit cards, international debit cards, and wire transfers. According to the regulations of the State Administration of Foreign Exchange, the upper limit of cash for a person to carry foreign currency out of the country is the equivalent of US$5,000 in foreign currency. According to the staff of China Everbright Bank's Overseas Financial Center, the advantage of carrying cash abroad is that it is easy to use, but the security is poor. At the same time, my country has certain restrictions on the amount of foreign currency carried abroad. Therefore, it is recommended that students carry a small amount of cash, which can meet the payment of living expenses for the first one or two months. For students who have not yet opened a bank account abroad, they can apply for a draft and carry it abroad, and handle collection at a foreign bank. The fee for draft is cheaper than that of wire transfer, but it takes a little longer to process overseas payment. He said that international students choose to pay more tuition fees by foreign currency drafts. First, because the draft is relatively cheap. Compared with ordinary foreign currency wire transfer remittance, in addition to paying the corresponding handling fee, the bill of exchange does not need to bear other fees such as intermediary bank deductions, telecommunication fees, etc. Especially in European countries, intermediary bank deductions are relatively high. Second, the time of payment of the bill of exchange is relatively flexible. For remittance, the payee and its designated account need to be determined after the remittance is processed. Once the money is paid to the payee’s account, it is difficult for the sender to recover it. Hold, and then pay according to the specific academic arrangements (for example: some students' studies may not be consistent, and they arrange part-time work or a long vacation in the middle, and then go back to school to study) before the next new semester, and then pay before the start of the next semester, you can flexibly control the payment of funds where to go. Dual-currency credit cards or joint accounts can meet daily expenses. In terms of daily expenses, the staff of China Everbright Bank Overseas Financial Center pointed out that dual-currency credit cards are a safer choice. Students carry the attached card to swipe the card abroad for consumption, and family members regularly deposit it in China. You can repay in RMB, and at the same time, you can keep track of your children's consumption through the statement. However, since the credit card issuance process is long and there are certain restrictions on the credit limit, parents can also choose to apply for a dual-currency international debit card or set up a joint account. At present, the international debit card of domestic Chinese banks supports the use of the main card and the supplementary card at the same time. Students can apply for the international debit card before going abroad. In the future, as long as parents deposit RMB into the main card in China, students can go abroad. Use the supplementary card to swipe or withdraw cash in real time. It should be reminded that students should pay attention to choosing the corresponding currency according to the different countries where they are studying in order to save currency exchange fees. ■Tips to study abroad should not carry too much cash Experts suggest that it is not appropriate to carry too much cash in foreign currency to go abroad, just bring enough living expenses for 2-3 months, and the rest of the living expenses and tuition fees can be paid by bank draft or wire transfer. It is necessary to "know and plan in advance" for overseas living expenses and tuition expenses, and pay attention to the order in which tuition and living expenses are exchanged. According to foreign regulations, if the tuition fee is exchanged for living expenses, and the annual total exceeds the limit of 50,000 US dollars, it is necessary to submit the payment receipt of the tuition fee from the other party and the proof of study in the foreign school. Only then can the required living expenses be exchanged, so it is better to exchange the living expenses first and then the tuition fees. Domestic transfer between personal foreign exchange savings accounts: with identity documents; between individuals and their immediate family foreign exchange savings accounts: with both identification documents and proof of immediate family relationship; funds transfer between domestic individual foreign exchange accounts and overseas individual foreign exchange accounts shall be based on cross-border transfers. international transaction management. Remittance abroad stipulates that domestic individuals purchase foreign exchange remittance: direct processing; fund remittance in savings account: the cumulative amount on the day is ≤ 50,000 with ID documents, and the cumulative amount on the day is > 50,000. materials); hand-held foreign currency cash remittances: the cumulative amount of ≤ 10,000 on the day can be processed directly with the ID card, and the cumulative amount of the day is more than 10,000 with the ID card, the customs bill of lading or the documents when the banknote is withdrawn. Bank agency can increase the visa approval rate. Banks can apply for visas, and the pass rate is higher. For example, China CITIC Bank, China Everbright Bank and other banks have launched one-stop overseas financial services such as visa agency, personal foreign exchange purchase, and international remittance, centered on agency embassy business. Taking applying for a U.S. visa as an example, a person from the Overseas Financial Center of the China CITIC Bank Headquarters Business Department introduced, "First of all, you need to prepare for the interview at the embassy, including purchasing a prepaid card with a password from the U.S. Visa Information Service Center, making an appointment for a visa interview, and consulting on the preparation of visa materials. , pay the non-immigrant visa application fee to the United States, and fill in the visa application form before the interview. You can consult and handle this series of seemingly cumbersome processes at any branch of China CITIC Bank. Applicants who meet certain conditions for re-entry to the United States can also You can apply for an interview-free service through China CITIC Bank, and pass the visa information through the bank, and the visa approval rate is as high as 95%."