Tongzhou Runfeng Lingshang will be launched in April-May with 50 flats from 1-3 bedrooms in the Tongzhou area. Editor's comment: In the Tongzhou area, 2010 was a crazy year. At the same time, these ups and downs also attracted a lot of attention to Tongzhou. Buying a property in Tongzhou, the traffic is very convenient, but it should also be considered that the Jingtong Express sometimes has serious traffic jams. The supporting facilities around some real estate are not very complete, and it will take some time. The editor is still looking forward to Tongzhou. Runfeng Lingshang (forum photo album apartment type model room review map search) The project is expected to launch a new project in April or May 2011. The apartment types to be launched are: 50-60 square meters for one bedroom, 80-90 square meters for two bedrooms or small three bedrooms , slab floor, average price to be determined. The project is located in the core area of the Southeast Fifth Ring Optical Electromechanical Industrial Base, and is expected to move in in September 2012. The nearest station of the light rail Yizhuang Line that has been opened around the project is Ciqu Station, which is about 4 kilometers away from the case. The Runfeng Lingshang project has a total area of about 150,000 square meters and a total construction area of nearly 280,000 square meters. It consists of 19 slab buildings with 9-18 floors. The floor area ratio is only 2.1, and most of them are designed with one ladder and two households. , which greatly maintains the privacy of the owner's life and is very livable. The products cover a variety of house types ranging from 50?-170?. >>Click to inquire more about the garden planning of Runfenglingshang Community, Hotpan, Tongzhou, which fully considers the relationship between "building-terrain-vegetation". Rich in layers. The above information is for reference only, and the final announcement by the developer shall prevail. Go to Beijing Xinpan Weibo to know the latest developments of the Beijing real estate market anytime, anywhere Click to view more discounted real estate information Click to view the latest real estate apartment display I want to comment on real estate navigation: