COFCO Vanke Changyang Peninsula Auspicious Cloud Bay's new products are about to bloom COFCO Vanke Changyang Peninsula (forum album apartment model room review map search) Xiangyun Bay's new products will be presented in April, and the new upgraded products will bring a game to the Beijing property market (property market blog) Residential feast. The new products mainly include 85-95? Smart two-bedroom, 100-135? Comfortable three-bedroom, 135? Exclusive four-bedroom, complete and rich product line, improved apartment quality across the board, and the "city of a lifetime" style will soon be revealed. The new products of Xiangyun Bay Yaoshi have made great efforts in the aspects of apartment type and fine decoration, bringing a different and new feeling to the buyers. The new product expands the original apartment series, and has greatly improved the spatial scale of bedrooms and living rooms. Extend functional spaces such as cloakroom and storage room to create a convenient life. The diversified apartment types are presented in full hardcover to meet the needs of multi-level living. Six main apartment types, interpreting unlimited life fun. Excellent viewing field, providing a good platform for people and natural beauty to communicate with each other; North-south transparency, large floating panes, panoramic view of the four seasons; dynamic and static separation, dry and wet separation, to create a comfortable and elegant life; restaurant and dining room The reasonable transition of the living room creates a soothing and elegant rhythm of life; the excellent sunlight brings unique scenery, showing the excellent scenery, and at the same time, it can also reduce the energy consumption of heating and lighting. Xiangyun Bay in Changyang Peninsula explores the mysteries of space in depth and presents you with imaginative and smart apartment types. The new products of Xiangyunwan have been greatly improved in the overall decoration standard. On the basis of the improvement of decoration materials, according to the characteristics of the apartment, the materials of the decoration are matched with the living experience and living functions, and the quality of the fine decoration can be improved by leaps and bounds: the public storage space is upgraded, the walk-in wardrobe is installed, the entrance cabinet has a larger space, and the storage space is larger. The system is more complete; the kitchen design has been upgraded. According to the characteristics of the unit, the kitchen "L"-shaped cabinet is designed to be more spacious and convenient; the upgrade of the bathroom has strengthened the functionality and convenience of use; The bay window broadens the field of vision, enhances the living comfort and the beauty of space design. COFCO Vanke·Changyang Peninsula Auspicious Cloud Bay is about to open in April. Welcome to visit us. I would like to comment on property navigation: