Scientists plan to use ice-breaking robots to go deep into the frozen oceans of aliens (pictures) News on August 29, according to the US Space Network, in our solar system, the most interesting places are also the most difficult to reach. Areas hidden in thick layers of ice like Mars' polar cap, Saturn's moon Enceladus, and Jupiter's moon Europa are typical examples. Drilling through the ice on Earth is actually quite complicated, so on another world, such a task would be nearly impossible. However, scientists have come up with a bold idea to use icebreakers to melt ice to explore alien life. Using hot drills to melt the ice and explore the secrets beneath the thick ice is not a new concept. Probes built and used in the 1960s were strictly confined to Earth, having been tested in Greenland, Antarctica, and other regions, and the theory behind such missions is fairly simple. Long, thin probes can penetrate ice directly into the ground. A drill installed at the top of the probe penetrates the ice, scientific equipment on the main body records the relevant data, and a long cable is tied at the back to the ground equipment. The ground requires a heavy and complex piece of equipment that provides the infinite power required by a large drill. Given the complexity of carrying out such drilling operations on Earth, the possibility of such a mission being attempted on a world other than Earth is ruled out. Scientists have come up with another idea: a more modern drilling technique that uses hot drilling to melt the ice rather than penetrate it. Cryobot is one such robotic probe, which was recently tested in Antarctica. As the drill melts the ice through the heat it generates, the probe "sinks deeper and deeper." Melting the ice is a good idea in theory, but if the probe hits something deep in the ice, like a large rock, it will get stuck in it. If the ice can't be melted, the mission will come to an end. The perfect combination of two technologies Peter Weiss is an experienced scientist in the field of underwater robotics. Together with colleagues at the Hong Kong Polytechnic University and the Institut fuer Weltraumforschung in Hungary, he has devised an innovative approach that perfectly combines drilling and melting methods. Their prototype of the "thermal drill" system performed well in experiments, the results of which were published in the July 2008 issue of the journal Planetary and Space Science. Equipped with a series of blades and heaters on top of the hot drill, it solves the challenge of exploring the subglacial regions of distant worlds. How does a hot drill work? In this regard, Weiss explained, "Our thermal drill is like a 'classic' melt probe, equipped with two drivers, which can drill into the ice. We use mechanical means to drill holes in the ice, and in this way, the The ice particles move backwards, melting them. The mud that fuses the ice-water moves backwards under the action of the massive probe." Weiss' thermal drill combines the best of both drilling and melting techniques: "The advantage of melting is that you can Direct heat generation melts through the ice, and because this activity is converted into mechanical force, the energy in between is not lost.” As for sand or other materials that cannot be melted through during drilling, Weiss said, “Increased drilling The device will prevent your melt probe from getting stuck in the sand as it penetrates the ice, which could happen on Mars. Hybrid hot drills can penetrate sand that won't melt." Ice There may be heat generated during ocean drilling, which also has a good effect on sterilizing detectors. When exploring an unknown world that no one has ever been to, sterilizing detectors is an element that scientists must consider. They should also keep the new environment in pristine condition, because contamination of the detectors would destroy any experiment or effort to find a chemical or sign of life. The constant heat generation also helps keep scientific equipment hot enough to work effectively in extremely cold environments. Many regions of the solar system are ideal candidates for exploration by hot drilling. "The goal of this study was to conduct thermal drilling analysis of Mars and Jupiter's moon Europa," Weiss said. However, following this goal, scientists have so far investigated extraterrestrial worlds such as Enceladus and Titan. With this new knowledge, scientists suspect that there are subsurface oceans in these places." Weiss and colleagues have so far only tested their prototype thermal drill in the lab using large blocks of ice. In the next step, they will test the hot drill in a vacuum, simulating various problems that might be encountered in an alien environment. They will also test how deep the robotic probe can drill. Despite high hopes for hot drills, Weiss isn't yet sure if these features will be reflected in future probes. He said: "Both the European Space Agency and NASA are discussing future missions to explore the icy Europa, but it is uncertain whether the spacecraft will have a landing or impact probe on board. However, launching one to Europa does not The orbiter of the lander is like you didn't bring a penny into the fruit store. Where are you going?" (Xiao Wen)