Hibodeau's defensive system is beginning to bear fruit, and the Chicago Iron Bulls have revealed their true content. Sina Sports News reporter Qiu Xing reported Tom - Hibodeau, this name is familiar to everyone. Although this is only his first season as an NBA head coach, Hibodeau, who was still an assistant coach in the past few years, has already made a name for himself, and his accomplishments in improving the team's defense are impressive. In the new season, under his coaching, the Bulls have played three games, 2 wins and 1 loss. Although it is only three games, it can already be seen what Hibodu has brought to the Bulls. To sum it up simply, that is -- great defense, positive attitude. The data speaks - the opponent's three-point shooting rate is 18.0% Whether a team's defense is good or not, the data is the best proof. Hibodeau is like a quick-acting drug, he can make a team's defense qualitatively change in a short period of time. In the season before he joined the Celtics, the Celtics were 24th in opponent field goal percentage, 18th in points allowed, and 18th in 3-point percentage allowed. What has changed since he became an assistant coach for the Celtics? These three data of the Green Army all ranked first in the league. Thibodeau wanted to be the head coach, and the Bulls fulfilled his wish and introduced Carlos Boozer, aiming to compete with the Heat and Magic. However, their luck is not good. Boozer has to rest for a while due to injury after not playing a game. Hibodu's soldiers are obviously stretched, but his adjustment ability is not bad, and he lacks Boozer's bull defense. In fact, the Bulls defense is not weak in the Skiles era, but Hibodeau can make them even better. Take a look at the data comparison below. Last season, the Bulls averaged 99.1 points per game, ranking 13th in the league. In the new season, their average points per game dropped to 98.3 points, rising to 10th in the league; last season, their opponents shot 44.2%, Ranked third in the league, in the new season, their opponent's shooting percentage is only 40.0%, temporarily ranking fourth in the league; last season, their opponent's three-point shooting percentage was 34.8%, ranking 12th in the league. In the new season, their opponent's shooting percentage is 34.8%. The three-point shooting percentage was only 18.0%, ranking first in the league. In addition to these numbers, the Bulls' ranking in rebounding has also risen from 22nd in the league last season to 10th. Defense has become a major feature of this Bulls. In fact, their individual defense is not outstanding. Except for Noah, who is a top rebounder, the defense of others is actually relatively average, but Hibodu can effectively help defend. Tactics to make up for the lack of personal defensive ability. Two years ago, Kevin Garnett had this to say about Thibodeau's defensive system: "It's full of energy and passion, that's the essence. At the same time, it's a system that requires a lot of communication off the court." It is based on a comparative understanding of the adversary, which is derived from research, from a large number of systematic studies. Most of these studies were organized and completed by Hibodeau alone, and he was a workaholic. Celtic player Paul Pierce, who once worked with Thibodeau, said: "He's the hardest working coach I've ever seen. Many times, he's still working at 3 in the middle of the night, but at 7 in the morning, you Then I can see him again." It was this serious professionalism that moved his colleagues and teammates. Don't look at Thibodeau coaching the Bulls for a long time, but his prestige in the team is no different from that of some old coaches with many years of experience. Attitude is paramount--everyone on the field wants to shout about the progress of the Bulls' defense, Hibodeau sees it all, but he believes that the current defensive performance of the team is still far from his expectations. Thibodeau is a perfectionist, and a top-five defense alone isn't enough to satisfy him. In his opinion, the Bulls still have a lot of problems on defense, and they still need time to run in and improve. Personally, he felt that his first week was not good enough, and as a coach, he needs to say more and remind the players. Yes, talk more and remind more, many people think that Coach Hibodu is not very talkative, and his appearance looks a little dull, even not good at words. In fact? The team's top star, Derrick Rose, broke the news that Hibodeau is actually a "talker". He not only likes to talk, but also talks a lot. "If you don't talk, he can talk alone for two or three hours," Ross told reporters with a smile, "so when you want to end the conversation with him as soon as possible, you have to think of some reason, you can say your friend Called you, or you're going to pick someone up so you can get out. Otherwise, he'll have to talk to you for at least 4 hours." Not only does Hibodu love to talk, he hopes his players are also So, because this is a defensive system that needs to speak. The mutual defense and protection needs to be spoken, and there is an unexpected space that needs to be spoken. Under normal circumstances, people say that defense depends on footsteps, bounces, and reflexes. In Hibodu, these three points are not the focus. In his opinion, speaking is the first key to defense. Defense depends on shouting and communication. "After the ball entered the box, our interior defense was not very good," Hibodeau said. "We weren't aggressive enough at times, we weren't communicating enough, and on offense, we weren't cutting enough." Lost in Game 1 After giving it to the Thunder, Hibodeau's repeated emphasis paid off. In the next two games, they defeated the Pistons and the Trail Blazers successively by big scores, but they did not allow their opponents to score more than 100 points. In the next game, Hibodeau considers giving young people some opportunities. Johnson, who performed well on the bench, is one of them, and he is expected to get more playing time. Hibodeau won't use a fixed rotation, and any player who does well is expected to squeeze into the rotation. At present, he even let 11 people play, he said: "We are still observing and evaluating, everyone has a chance." In the coming season, Hibodeau will use the team's performance to prove his coaching level. In fact, some of the coaches who have worked with him are well aware of his level. Former Rockets coach Jeff Van Gundy has had a pleasant cooperation with Hibodeau for a few years. Van Gundy himself is also a defensive master, but he believes that Hibodeau's achievements in this regard are no worse than his own. Speaking of Thibodeau, Van Gundy said: "You wouldn't want to hire someone worse than you as an assistant. I think he's really better than me."