 Weekly Review of Popular Events in the Film Industry (August 25-August 31) Review Hotspot 1. Commentary on "Red Cliff ()" by recruiting new media: The current relationship between video websites and the film industry can be described as a veritable "double-edged sword". On the one hand, large video sites like "Youshi" that focus on long-term development actively extend olive branches to film and television works, and carry out healthy and win-win cooperation with film producers by purchasing online copyrights and joint distribution. The popularity of the film has been improved, and the profit scale of the film industry in the Internet channel has been gradually expanded, opening up another terminal of the film industry chain; To a certain extent, it has affected and weakened the cinema box office market. The key to curbing the piracy of video sites is to find a cooperative profit model with network operators, and to realize long-term, stable and large-scale cooperation with video sites and realize profit sharing on the premise of adhering to the rights and interests of genuine copies. The current chaotic video website field is also undergoing a major reshuffle in terms of policies and capital. The final result is a drastic annexation and integration, and finally there are a few dominance, separatism and market monopoly. When the video website itself is purified (listening to songs) and grows, its integration with the film industry will inevitably take the right path of rationalization and legalization, and film and television copyright owners also need to really pay attention to the power of new media and fully open up the space for cooperation. This requires the joint efforts of both film and television copyright owners and video websites. (Reviewer/Wei Meng) The online broadcasting rights of "Red Cliff" is a hit. The box office of "Red Cliff" has risen steadily, reaching 320 million yuan, setting a record for the highest box office of a Chinese-language film. Taking advantage of this shareholder wind, the fire ignited by "Chibi" spread all the way from major theaters to the Internet. The leading domestic online TV portal took the lead in purchasing the Olympic live broadcast and on-demand rights, and then took the lead in purchasing the online broadcasting rights of "Red Cliff". . Nowadays, purchasing copyrighted content has become a conscious choice for online video media. Rejecting piracy is not only due to the strict self-discipline of enterprises, but also to the strict and powerful government supervision. More importantly, genuine content is one of the key factors to obtain sustainable income. , but also the basis for enterprises to achieve greater development space. However, the public's high attention to "Chibi" has also stimulated pirates, and illegal acts have been repeatedly banned. Ku6.com claimed 550,000 yuan for infringement on "Chibi". Recently, the Haidian Court accepted the case of the plaintiff China Film Group Corporation Film Marketing Planning Branch suing Ku6.com (Beijing) Information Technology Co., Ltd. for copyright infringement. (Beijing) Information Technology Co., Ltd. immediately stopped the infringement, compensated 500,000 yuan for economic losses, and paid 50,000 yuan for lawyers' fees. The plaintiff claimed that it was the copyright owner of the movie "Red Cliff" in mainland China, and that Ku6.com (Beijing) Information Technology Co., Ltd., without the plaintiff's permission and without payment, through its owned and operated Ku6 The net provides the network dissemination of the movie "Red Cliff". The plaintiff believed that the defendant's public dissemination of the copyrighted film works of the plaintiff on the Internet without permission had constituted an infringement of the plaintiff's copyright, and the infringement occurred during the period of the film's release, causing huge economic losses to the plaintiff. In order to protect its legitimate rights and interests, the plaintiff filed a lawsuit to the court, and the case is currently under trial.