The housing security law has begun to be drafted. The government will be held accountable for ineffective government support. Insufficient protection will face legal responsibility. Representative Wang Zhenmin introduced that he was one of the drafters of the Housing Security Law. The reason for the establishment of a "Housing Security Law" at this stage is mainly considering that at this stage and for a period of time in the future, real estate development will enter a relatively stable development period. Living conditions will become a major problem facing society. "At present, the central government has issued some documents on housing security, but as a document, the local government cannot hold its responsible person accountable for its ineffective implementation." Professor Wang Zhenmin said, "In addition, many people who do not meet the conditions also enjoy security. People who live in housing do not have the relevant legal basis to pursue their responsibilities. This law can regulate all aspects of behavior.” Representative Wang Zhenmin introduced that the “Housing Security Law” being drafted will clarify the connotation and object of “housing security”. Families with income difficulties, "At present, when implementing affordable housing in various places, there are some regulations for the objects who enjoy affordable housing. The "Housing Security Law" will give a policy description to the objects of housing security, specifically what kind of income It is still necessary to refer to the current economic development status of various places.” As for the scope of housing security, representative Wang Zhenmin introduced that it has been clear that affordable housing and low-rent housing are included in it, and it is currently studying whether to include it in public rental housing, but it does not consider the limitation for the time being. price room. Representative Wang Zhenmin also said that the draft of the "Housing Security Law" clarifies citizens' right to live and the government's responsibilities in ensuring that everyone has their own domicile. The law will also guarantee the source of funds for affordable housing. The reporter also learned that at present, there are only relevant documents issued by the Ministry of Housing and Urban-Rural Development in my country on housing security. There is neither relevant legal basis nor government implementation regulations. Therefore, after the issuance of the central document, many local governments often fail to implement them on the grounds of funding issues and land issues. On the other hand, the application standards for affordable housing in various places are formulated and verified by local governments. In recent years, many high-income people have also applied for affordable housing. (Reporter Guo Kun) I want to comment