Love attracts Chen Jian, Wu Jun and Zheng Hao to play "Revolution to the End" (picture) Video: The main creator Wu Jun, Zheng Hao and Chen Jian talk about the movie "Revolution to the End" Sina Entertainment News The war love film "Revolution to the End" will be released nationwide on October 12. At 13:00 on the 11th, director Chen Jian and starring Wu Jun (Ting Ge, blog) Zheng Hao visited the Sina chat room and talked about the creation process of the film. Love attracted director Chen Jian, Wu Jun and Zheng Hao. Well, here is the Sina Guest Chat Room, and I would like to introduce the two heavyweight guests who are guests in the Sina Guest Chat Room today. First and foremost is Chen Jian, the director of "Revolution to the End". Welcome to Director Chen. Chen Jian: Hello, netizens and friends. Moderator: The second one may be known to everyone, and he is also one of the leading actors of "Revolution to the End" Wu Jun. Wu Jun: Good noon everyone, is the time I said correct? Moderator: Yes, yes, yes, it should be noon. This time happens to be the time when netizens eat. I don’t know if the two of you have dinner when you come. (laughs) Wu Jun: No. Moderator: They all forgot to eat and sleep. Wu Jun: The director will treat you later. Chen Jian: Although I don't have much money, I am willing to treat guests, because it is really not easy for them to come back alive. I see them invite him once and once, it is true. (laughs) Moderator: Actually, we saw a moderator and two guests at the scene. After a while, there will be another leading actor Zheng Hao to communicate with everyone. Now it is the first part of the interview. This part of the interview is about the director and Wu Jun, and Netizens answer questions face to face. Actually, my first question is very vulgar. Director, how did you decide to take on the movie "Revolution to the End"? Chen Jian: The main theme of this play is different from the previous main theme films. We Red Army soldiers did not join the Red Army because of class hatred, national hatred, nor because of lofty ideals and beliefs, but for love. This attracted me, he joined the Red Army out of love, but eventually became a conscious revolutionary fighter. Because the Long March is very sacred in our minds, it is a miracle in the history of human warfare, it is really a miracle, and in my mind it is really a perfect fairy tale. And let these three people for love join the Red Army and become conscious revolutionary fighters, this is indeed something we have never done in Chinese war movies. So, I was very interested in the creativity of this script. Of course, after I saw the character in this script, I thought of Wu Jun, called Wu Jun, and Wu Jun read the script, he was interested, he made a lot of comments, and we made major adjustments. Then I talked to Zheng Hao again, and he was also very interested. So, I have confidence. With the participation of these few friends, I think this drama will be able to do well. In addition, although the starting point of being in the Red Army is not high, Wu Jun came out to play, and finally the image was created. I think everyone is familiar with his image. Zhang Side has performed very well. I believe this kind of exploration will be successful. So, I took it. Moderator: Zheng Hao, which aspect of it do you value? Chen Jian: He first had a representative to do "My Father and Mother", and he played the father. Then in "Zhang Side", he played Liu Bingzhou again, partnering with Wu Jun. The two people can have a tacit understanding without much communication. The image of the two can be quite different. They are also good friends in life. I have known them for a long time. Wu Jun and I have worked together before. His plays are also very good. He will make this together. The play is good. In addition, these two actors can be said to be both virtuous and artistic, not afraid of hardships, and have creative enthusiasm, and they are indeed of relatively high quality, which should be said to be very high. Moderator: The two of them should know each other very well, so they competed with each other on the scene or rubbed each other to create some creative sparks. Is there such a situation? Chen Jian: I grabbed hard and pinched hard. Wu Jun: He (the director) chose it. He told me that it happened to be playing with you. He told Zheng Hao that Wu Jun wanted to play with you. Actually, this matter... Moderator: The director was most impressed by them. Have you had such experience? Chen Jian: Yes, but they are all in the state of their own characters, after fully analyzing this character, they competed reasonably, and they cannot be called scrambles. Wu Jun: Incite the masses to fight against the masses. (laughs) Chen Jian: Each has its own spark. The director and the actors shared weal and woe. "Revolution to the End" carried forward the spirit of the Red Army. Host: At the premiere of this film, all the actors suffered from hardships. Here, let the director talk about his own hardships. I heard that it was too painful to film this drama. Wu Jun: In fact, it is our propaganda plan, and it is meaningless to say suffering. Because the Red Army's Long March itself is hard, let's talk about it, it's not as hard as others. What do you want to say afterward? We can't make up, we can only talk about suffering, which is a fact. Chen Jian: I still do my best to protect the actor and share the joys and sorrows with the actor. why? Because of the heavy burden, this is a key film dedicated to the 80th anniversary of the founding of the army, the 70th anniversary of the Long March, and the 17th National Congress of the Communist Party of China. Moreover, we have to make a major breakthrough in key films. How? Just being creative is not enough, it takes hard work to make the audience like this film. The audience likes it, and I think our hard work is worthwhile. So, when I let Wu Jun fall into the mud, I myself fell into it once. When I hung him up, I also wanted to go up, but the people who pulled him didn't want to. Wu Jun: This is not reliable. Chen Jian: The weight is too heavy, and the time is not allowed. Everyone said that you want to go up again, so big, our weights are different, and the time can't be delayed, so we didn't go up. I can't say that on the spot. (Wu Jun laughs) Wu Jun: It's hard to say what it is. I was chatting the day before, and I said that Zheng Hao died on the snowy mountain, and the other Wang Bing died in the grass. I was hit by a stray bullet. I was a stupid soldier in the front, and I was confused and died in the back. How do you want to express the growth process of the Red Army soldiers? I feel like you have to die well, die heroically, die powerfully. What does he mean by impact? When I thought about it, I thought very irresponsibly, there was a bomb, but it didn't. As soon as I jumped on it, it exploded with a bang, and it fell with a bang. At this time, the machine followed, so, so, until the bottom of the water. When I couldn't see it, my face smiled. The revolution is over. At that time (pretending to be the director smoking a cigarette), he said, "Yes." When I saw it, the hat was off. I wanted to brag. I was afraid of heights. The elevator was the one with glass. I never dared to look over there. I was nervous. On that day, there was a bombing point, asking for water, the person chasing up, taking the water and holding the person up, this kind of thing requires precise calculation and repeated calculation in Hollywood, but it felt like I hit it at the time. (Laughter) (Applause) Chen Jian: I haven't seen this scene in Hollywood, and I really haven't seen it in China. As soon as this idea came out, I really communicated with the fireworks in advance. The first day of shooting failed, because the pyrotechnician had no idea, so he placed the explosion points on both sides of him (Wu Jun). Can't pack. If we can't wrap it up, if we use high-tech methods to explode the dots with blue screen split shots, it's too fake. The water dots wrap around him, hit him, and the texture on his face and hands won't come out. So, after one shot, it failed, and then it started all over again. The next day, I was busy for another day, preparing, trying again and again, and finally it should be said to be more accurate. Because the water column is 12 meters high, we put it at a height of 6 meters, 6 meters are not measured with a ruler, but 6 meters are seen by the naked eye (laughs). The height of 6 meters, and then told the stuntmen that after the start, the pyrotechnician will explode again, and when the water column catches up to him, it will be about 8 meters high, the impact is not very big, I think so. Wu Jun: People go up like this, and a dozen water jets beat me into that. Chen Jian: The impact of the water column was really strong, and I was also nervous at the time. Fortunately, he knew how nervous we were. In the end, he gave me a thumbs up and told us that we were all right. He knew that after going up, even though he went up 30 or 40 meters, he fell into the water, and the whole process was finally completed. I gave a thumbs up and I burst into tears. Moderator: Really? Zheng Hao, really? Zheng Hao: Really, really. Moderator: I feel that I have completed an innovative move that I have not seen before. So, I feel that this actor is amazing, what was I afraid of at that time? This time I tried it with an actor, and it was done by an actor. If it was done, it would be very interesting. If something goes wrong, my sin will be a big one, and I don't need to do this business, and people will say how can I do this, it's too inauthentic, and play with an actor who can't be copied by a living person. Wu Jun: I'm sorry to my daughter-in-law. Chen Jian: That thing is easy to handle, that thing is easy to handle (laughs). Wu Jun: Did you see it? (laughs) Chen Jian: Mainly because I am sorry for the people of the whole country. All the viewers who like him will not be able to know about my house, and the glass will be broken when they know it, at least that's the light. Moderator: I heard that because there are many bombing points, this bombing point may injure Wu Jun. Wu Jun: In fact, in our entire play, the director talked to us when he explained his idea to us, and we used explosive points to act. He should say that the essence of the Bayi Factory has been brought into full play. At that time, "On the Taihang Mountains", he was responsible for the specific work in the big films. It can be said that acting with explosives is very impactful at first, but it is very irresponsible to us at the second (laughs). If you want to bury the bombs in different locations, different locations, and different measurements, the results will be different. Later, when Zheng Hao came on stage, the director grabbed me. I said what was wrong. He was arranging the pace and taking me there. He was much more careful than me, indeed. I believe he also did a lot of calculations, but human calculations are not as good as God's calculations. During the whole process of shooting, we were often injured. Chen Jian: No, no dead. (Wu Jun laughs) Moderator: Have you had any minor injuries? Chen Jian: As long as the actors follow the route, there should be no major accidents. Sometimes the measurement is not accurate, for example, in the case of silt, it is impossible for stones to appear. Wu Jun: Not dead (laughs). The crew members supported Hope Primary School to experience happiness in the difficult shooting Chen Jian: Can't say that he can't work seriously. But in this case, when the children asked him to come out to sign, and he was still a little hurt, for the sake of the children, the children liked him, and he insisted on signing them. Including Wu Jun. During the filming, Wu Jun went up the mountain in order to lose weight. He saw a child, a girl who did not go to school. He sponsored the child very responsibly and took the child to school. , and still give her money every year. Wu Jun: Actually, it’s not just me, our group donated Hope Primary School and the local old Red Army when the company started working on the Riganqiao Prairie. The entire crew did not deliberately say this, because it is very meaningful, because many films are now commercial operations, and they all take them into their own pockets. They are filming, I just caught up with this, I think anyone in our group will do this, and it should be, after all, we are financially, including the resources we enjoy now, are much richer and more abundant than them , If this can't be done, who is the person? It is impossible for us to make outstanding works. Chen Jian: Another major feature of our play is that it has a lot to watch. First of all, it has a strong comedy element, with a lot of humor in it. For example, Wu Jun has been asking about the "revolution to the end". This action is in line with the characters and the simple feelings of that era. At the same time, it shows that he is very cute. Including the cooperation of these actors, he is looking for the most simple and simple at that time. That feeling, such constant laughter and constant applause. Among the major historical themes of the revolution, of course, this should also be regarded as such a type of film, which is unprecedented. It is very watchable and entertaining. The film is both spiritual and entertaining at the same time. If you are depressed today, watch this film and you are guaranteed to be happy, it really is. Because I am a very honest, really honest person, I say this today. They are very hard, very hard, but at the same time they also reveal a kind of joy in the hardship. It's this feeling. Of course, there is also a love story. The three of them have always longed for close contact. In fact, in the end, before they sacrificed, they didn't see her again. At that time, the woman had been transformed into an ideal and belief. It's all very good, and it's a very good measure. What kind of thoughts did these actors have at the time? It's already endured, it's already like this, performing performances beyond the limits of life, it's already like this, why don't you work hard? So, they did put a lot of effort into it. After filming, what we talked about was the film. Outside of filming, we kept talking about how to shape the characters, how to break through, and how to innovate in the car. Wu Jun: Because the road we took this time was indeed the road the Red Army took back then, including the road taken by "My Long March". In fact, we took the original road. We touched history with our bodies, and you think people didn't have to eat, didn't have to wear, they had to be beaten, and walked down that road. We got there today fully armed, and I do feel like it's a very meaningful thing. After reading this, if we didn't do our best at that time, we couldn't even feel sorry for ourselves, let alone the seniors. Chen Jian: I'm sorry, senior. Wu Jun: It is true that such a thing happened in that place, and what happened is beyond words for us to express. The weather is changeable within an hour. It is like this now, it will be hail, snow, and rain for a while. . At that time, I thought a lot about a person from Jiangxi who could go to the place of the Tibetan people, and I thought a lot about their physical conditions. Chen Jian: The weather changes. One day I felt more uncomfortable when the hail was falling. At a glance, the people who received the machine were hiding. I think hail is too rare, a huge hailstone hit my head. When I saw the hailstorm, it wouldn't kill anyone anyway (laughs). I said we should learn from the Red Army on the Long March. I said to cover the machine with an umbrella, clam, after the umbrella cracked, I used a tarpaulin umbrella. I told the actor again, look at the machine turned on, come on, that is, when you see hail falling down, it's all real hail, because it is true that the computer can't do it, and the hail still carries a little water, because that season is not very It's cold, and the feeling of popping out when you hit your body is very realistic. The two of them are really in that place. At that time, it was either a show, or how to avoid hurting and smashing themselves. When I turned on the machine, the film started to turn immediately, and I said you saw it. They heard the sound of the machine and went in anyway. Maybe they got in before the machine rang. That shot was still very precious. In the afternoon, just after the hail was over, there was snow, it was real snow. Then, without waiting for me to speak, he stopped there by himself and walked a long way on the snow. When he saw the footage of snow falling on the grass, it was real snow, and he didn't make it himself, so he stood there by himself. He also knows that snow can be made and artificial snow can be made, but the effect is different from the real one. Wu Jun: Including funds and equipment may not necessarily achieve that kind of effect. Moderator: What were you thinking at the time? I just want to play this game well? Wu Jun: No, at that moment I felt that I was not acting, I felt that I was really feeling the Red Army. They lived like that at the time, and one foot was deep and one foot was shallow, and there might be no one when they stepped down. Because the water in our place is dry now, it turns out that the grass has no bottom at all. We dug a lot of holes ourselves. Chen Jian: He is really attentive and touches history with his own body. Wu Jun: Come back now, I really didn't act at that time, I don't need to act, it's purely personal experience, I think now it's really not something that people do (laughs). Chen Jian: Why does the Red Army call it a fairy tale? Really in my mind they are like gods and have come a long journey. When I was choosing the scene, I thought that as long as I walked by this trip, each of them was a hero and each of them was an elite. Why? too difficult. The natural environment is too difficult. Wu Jun: He (the director) went up first. I saw that he was swollen all over. We all lost weight, but immediately swelled up the next day. Now some people are also asking why the film is so fat, but not so fat. The director's eyes are so bright now that they squinted at that time. Chen Jian: Wu Jun lost weight very hard. In the village and Dadu River, he was very thin, but the plateau was swollen. Zheng Hao is the image spokesperson of the crew, the director is looking for a new-faced actress, and the host: Please invite the third guest, Zheng Hao, we welcome Zheng Hao. Wu Jun: This is the image spokesperson of our group. Zheng Hao: Through Sina.com's videos, the whole world can see it. Moderator: Now continue our chat. The soul character girl hasn't arrived yet, so here we want to hear how a few people comment on the female character, or how to understand this character. Let's ask Zheng Hao, who just came up, to talk about it. Zheng Hao: His actress should be the director's topic, but don't think too much about it, the director is relatively honest, because he is a revolutionary soldier after all. Indeed, at that time, the actress and director thought about a lot of famous actors, including internationally famous ones, so I won't mention who they are. Later, I wanted to use such a newcomer, and I also wanted to show everyone a brand new image. And in this story, actresses her age may only be able to choose newcomers.