Feldstein: The United States Should Abandon Healthcare Reform Crowding out investment, thereby slowing economic growth and lowering living standards, the starting point for controlling the widening deficit is to abandon the health care reform program. The following is a summary of the article: Although the budget deficit caused by the economic stimulus plan will end in 2011 and will help the United States achieve a modest recovery in 2010, the longer-term deficit outlook is one of the threats to the US economy in the future. The starting point for a further expansion of the deficit was when Congress abandoned the Obama administration's health care reform plan, which would cost more than $1 trillion. Obama's budget implies a budget deficit of 5.2 percent of GDP over the next decade and 5.5 percent in 2019, according to projections released by the Congressional Budget Office in March. Excluding Obama's reform proposals, the Budget Office expects the U.S. budget deficit in 2019 to be just 2 percent of GDP. These projections are based on optimistic assumptions: the U.S. economy will grow at an average annual rate of 3% over the next decade, there will be no new spending plans, and government bond rates will not rise more than 1% due to increased public debt. Based on more realistic assumptions, the U.S. budget deficit in 2019 will exceed 8% of GDP, and government debt will exceed 100% of GDP. A deficit of this magnitude would crowd out investment in new equipment and software aimed at boosting productivity, which would slow economic growth and lead to lower living standards. In the short term, if bond investors worry that the U.S. government will struggle to contain rising inflation, the huge deficit will cause bond and mortgage rates to rise sharply. With more than half of U.S. Treasuries held by Chinese and other foreign investors, the risk of rising interest rates increases. Rising interest rates would stifle the economic recovery that emerged in 2010 or 2011 and dampen growth in subsequent years. Abandoning Obama's health-care reform plan would significantly reduce America's fiscal deficit over the next decade and would help boost public confidence in Congress' ability to rein in spending. While abandoning the health care reform plan would be an important step in controlling deficits, it will not be enough to limit future deficits and debt inflation. This will require cutting back on existing spending plans if it is to avoid a dramatic increase in tax rates. Now that Medicare is the main cause of the explosion in government spending, the best place to start cutting government spending would be to retool the Medicare system to shift more costs to supplemental private insurance. Now, some people are proposing to increase the value-added tax to expand the tax revenue to reduce the future fiscal deficit. But this is not a good way. The key to increasing government revenue is to reduce or eliminate "revenue reductions due to tax incentives". Adjusting Medicare and reforming tax regulations will be politically difficult. But it would be morally irresponsible for Congress to fail to address the problem of exploding fiscal deficits. (Xingya)