Interview with Lin Xilei: I doubt many things (with photos) As Du Qifeng's queen heroine, Lin Xilei (blog) has made 6 Galaxy movie works since she starred in "Full Time Killer" in 2001. In the new film "Wenque", he continues to play the role of a mysterious and coquettish vase. In June of this year, she left Johnnie To to join another agency. Lin Xilei said that she most wanted to come up with a female killer. Text / Li Jun Wang Qiting (internship) With a height of 170cm and stepping on 7-inch stiletto high heels, Lin Xilei ran wildly on the winding road. She didn't know why she was running like this. The next day, she was sprained and her ankle was swollen. Director Du Qifeng didn't care and continued to let her do it. This run is 4 years. Du Qifeng finally made the movie "Wenque", which was released in the mainland on August 22 this year. At the beginning of this year, sitting in the big theater of the Berlin International Film Festival, Lin Xilei saw the whole film "Wenque" for the first time. Only then did she know that the original role was not too small, and it was barely considered a female drama, although she still didn't know why the character ran away. Up to now, "Wenque" is Du Qifeng's longest work. To Qifeng has always been known for his fast filming. Lin Xilei didn't think to ask Du Qifeng why. Whenever you want to ask To Qifeng such questions: why does this character want to be like this, why doesn't he arrange a love scene, To Qifeng's answer is always the same sentence, "Why do you ask so much?" I don't know the script. Before the movie comes out, I never know how many plays I have or what I am doing." Lin Xilei told reporters in Shanghai in August. After starring in "Full-time Killer" in 2001, Lin Xilei has become the queen of Du Qifeng's heroine. So far, she has filmed 6 Galaxy video works including "Dark War 2", "Detective", "Iron Triangle" and "Missing". In the eyes of Hong Kong people, "Wen Que" refers to a nimble thief. But there is another meaning to the movie. Lin Xilei said: "Actually, a bird is also a bird. In the movie, I played the role of the bird that was locked in a cage, trying to escape and find freedom; but I really ran into the outside world and didn't know where to go. "Women's Heart, Needle Under the Sea" "Wenque" opened with relaxing music. Ren Dahua sat in front of the bed and sewed clothes to the rhythm of the music. A red-billed bird flew into the house. "What does it mean for the bird to enter the house?" Ren Dahua asked himself three thieves. Soon all four of them were seduced by a mysterious coquettish woman. Although they were beaten for this, they still joined forces to help her. This woman is Lin Xilei. Someone congratulated Lin Xilei, finally won Du Qifeng's like, let him start filming women's scenes. But only Ren Dahua, who has followed Du Qifeng for many years, laughed aside, "This woman makes men feel beautiful when they meet her, but this woman is not fun at all. Probably Director Du still thinks that a woman's heart is a needle in the sea, and you can't guess it." Lin Xilei smiled wryly at the reporter. When filming "Wenque", she initially thought it would end in three or four months. Every time the morning work starts, Du Qifeng calls everyone in advance. At eight or nine in the morning, everyone met in the restaurant. They all waited for the director to come, and while they were eating, they talked about what would be filmed today. Before taking two bites, it was time to start shooting the first shot. Or before a few shots were taken, it was time for lunch. "Eating is a very important thing for the director. He has to eat well and eat well before he is in the mood to start work. Therefore, following Director Du, he will never have a lunch box. The whole crew is like a barbecue stall." Lin Xilei said. If this situation lasts for a few months, it will be very happy, but Lin Xilei often encounters the situation that the filming stops after a few days. This wait could be a few months, it could be half a year, or a year, and you don't know when your phone will ring again. "In the past 4 years, I didn't dare to cut my hair, I was afraid of not taking part in the film; I had to constantly integrate into this role every time, and then I had to withdraw again and again, and then re-integrate; this process was very painful, and even for a time I was very devoted to the director. I'm worried, I don't know if we can continue the series at the end of the filming." Lin Xilei didn't even know that the mysterious woman she played was a mainlander. She didn't even see the close-up of the passport in the movie. To Qifeng asked her to speak Cantonese for the first two years, and Mandarin for the next two years. Her explanation for Du Qifeng's approach is, "Having a script and a detailed timetable means that everything has been determined. Director Du already has this story in his mind, but he wants to come to the scene every day to watch the filming. The shot that comes out, decides whether there are other possibilities, and then decides how to shoot the next shot, he is constantly adjusting himself." In the 4 years of waiting for the filming of "Wenque", Lin Xilei has finished filming "Iron Triangle", "Detective", "Father and Son" (blog), and "Tokyo Trial". Surprisingly, after the film that took the longest time was released, the conception was light and the rhythm was clear.