Liu Binjie: To get out of the trough of the financial crisis depends on knowledge and innovation April 26 is the ninth World Intellectual Property Day. Liu Binjie, director of the General Administration of Press and Publication, director of the National Copyright Administration, and deputy head of the national "anti-pornography and illegal" working group, pointed out in an exclusive interview with CCTV's "Everyone's View" column: If we were still under the pressure of the international community 20 years ago To protect intellectual property rights, today we stand at the historical starting point of national independent innovation and consciously protect our nation's independent innovation capability, which has undergone great changes. Director Liu mentioned that in the economic cold wave caused by the international financial crisis in 2008, China's cultural and creative industries revealed a gratifying warmth. The economic indicators of industries such as press and publication, radio, film and television, entertainment and performance are showing an increasing trend. Judging from some statistics in the first quarter of 2009, book sales, online publishing, mobile publishing and other fields showed a clear trend of contrarian development, and the consumption market increased by about 20%. In Beijing alone, in the first quarter of this year, the cultural and creative industry, which consists of 9 major fields such as culture and art, radio, film and television, achieved an income of 48.27 billion yuan, a year-on-year increase of 21%, and an increase of 3.9 percentage points higher than the tertiary industry. Analyzing this phenomenon, Director Liu said that on the one hand, the financial crisis not only caused losses to people's material interests, but also caused heavy damage to people's spiritual life, and people's psychological pressure was unprecedentedly increased. A financial turmoil will also produce a spiritual turmoil. At this time, people especially need to relieve their inner worries, fears and pressures through books, movies, games, etc. On the other hand, this is also determined by the development of social economy to the era of information society and knowledge economy. Knowledge is not only a spiritual need, but also a way of life. It not only makes people happy and improves quality, but also inspires people to create new production methods and economic concepts, and can even innovate human survival and development concepts, promote economic transformation and social development, and open up an economic and cultural relationship. The road to the comprehensive and coordinated development of society. Especially at present, in order to get out of the trough of the financial crisis as soon as possible, relying on knowledge and innovation is still the only magic weapon. When talking about what policy support our country will have for the cultural and creative industries in the next step, Director Liu said that since 2007, the National Copyright Administration has cooperated with the World Intellectual Property Organization to carry out the "Contribution of the Copyright Industry to the National Economy" in China. rate" research project. In the second half of this year, this research project will be concluded. At that time, the survey data will be released, and policy recommendations to support the development of the copyright industry will be put forward to the central government. While coordinating and implementing the preferential policies formulated by the central government to support the reform of the cultural system, the General Administration will also work with relevant departments to formulate relevant supporting policies to support the reform of the press and publication system, and formulate and implement policies that favor publishing resources to publishing and media enterprises. For example: for large-scale cross-regional backbone publishing and media enterprises, the allocation of publishing resources such as newspapers, periodicals, books, audio-visual products, electronic publishing, digital publishing, etc. should be inclined to encourage them to become bigger and stronger; Branches of publishing rights are encouraged to realize cross-regional operations; for publishing units that are truly transformed, release the scope of publication, book number, edition number, etc., to support their development. Video: Jackie Chan VS Liu Binjie tells the story of anti-piracy Liu Binjie, director of the General Administration of Press and Publication, explains the major changes in the press and publication industry