Immigrants Dictation: The days of being a "brother" in the United States cost of living. An American friend accidentally mentioned that he could try driving a taxi, and I immediately got motivated and made up my mind to be a "brother". To be a "brother", you must first get certified. The test is very simple, a physical examination plus a study class, and then check the driving record, as long as you don't drink too much before and have no major accident, you'll be OK. I got my driver's license as soon as I arrived in the United States, but I only drove the car for 3 months, and my record is naturally good. After passing the exam, I received a taxi driver qualification certificate. It is very free to be a "brother" in the United States. As long as you have a practicing qualification certificate, you can sign a contract with a taxi company as soon as you go. The contract can be signed for one day, two days or one month or two months. After signing the contract, you can drive the car away without paying a deposit. It is estimated that the car in the United States is cheap and there are not so many domestic taxes and fees. By law, you cannot drive more than 12 hours a day. After the day's work is done, you only need to go back to the company to pay 90 yuan for the rental fee, and the rest of the money after deducting the oil fee is all earned by yourself. There are two main types of taxis, one is Buick sedan and the other is van. Taxis in Atlanta are priced at a flat rate, starting at $2, but only a quarter mile, and the taxi will skip the meter as soon as you drive. $1.50 per mile after that. In the United States, where private car penetration is extremely high, the number of taxi passengers is very limited. There are generally three types of people who often hit: foreigners who come on business trips, alcoholics and people who don't drive cars. In addition to some poor people who can't afford a car, many people who don't drive are "street killers" whose driver's licenses have been revoked. Fortunately, the city of Atlanta is very large, and Americans generally work and play in the urban area, and live in the suburbs for leisure, and their trips are almost more than 30 kilometers. The transportation facilities in the United States are very good, it is not difficult to recognize the way, and the language barrier can be overcome (unless you meet people from non-English speaking countries). The most troublesome thing is that I don't know where to go to get business. There is a walkie-talkie in the car, and when the dispatcher's voice sounds, his nerves are tense, like a quick answer, whoever moves fast will win the business first. Even if the distance is very far, he will be the first to shout at the walkie-talkie: "I'm nearby, go over immediately!" As soon as the walkie-talkie is put down, he sprints onto the highway, slams the accelerator hard, and gallops away like a lifeless death. On the weakest day of business, I only made 5 yuan, and on the highest day, I made 800 dollars. I was waiting in line at the airport that night when my flight was cancelled and the airline promised to arrange a taxi if the passenger had to leave tonight. I was the first car in the team and hit the jackpot. I drove to South Carolina with great joy, and the round-trip was more than 500 kilometers. The American roads were good, and I earned 650 US dollars in 4 hours (to catch up with my classmates washing dishes in a Chinese restaurant for a month), all signed by the airline. After running for a month, I gradually figured out the doorway: when I arrived at the airport in the morning, people on business trips just got off the plane; in the afternoon, I went to the hotel, and the people who had finished their business trips were ready to check out; when I went to the community in the evening, many residents took taxis before dinner. Purchasing; going to the bar late at night, although the alcoholics are very drunk, they still know the traffic rules and dare not drive home by themselves. Passengers in the United States have the habit of tipping, usually 10-20% of the fare. I drove a car for a year, and I only met 3 people who didn't tip. They were all Chinese, and one of them was the boss of a famous IT company in China. Sometimes tips are unexpectedly "excessive," and I'm often happy for a few days about it. On Halloween, an old lady got into my car and chatted, and found that she had been to my hometown on a tour. She was very surprised when she met a "confidant" in a foreign country. When she got off the bus, she gave me double the fare, which was the best holiday gift for me. Alcoholics can also be very "generous" at times. Dollars of different denominations are the same size and green in color, but the heads printed on them are different. They are all US presidents more than 100 years ago. It is estimated that few people can tell them apart, let alone drunken alcoholics. Obviously only 20 yuan for the fare, he will inexplicably give me 100 yuan. I told him to give too much, but he burped and said, "The rest is the tip."