The way to study abroad: I used my severance pay to study for a master's degree in Australia at the age of 25. I am not too young, an age where I can snuggle on the shoulders of my parents and act like a spoiled child, and an age where I can run around to make a living and get my skin tanned. Everyone has a different way of life and chooses different paths. The following story tells the story of a 25-year-old girl working hard in a foreign country. A girl's 25 is a wonderful time, and every girl's 25 should be a wonderful time. I happen to know a couple of 25 year old Chinese girls who are studying in Australia. Girl A is a distant relative of mine. She walked from the sweltering heat of Shanghai into the winter of Australia. She studied computer science in university. After graduation, she worked in a large communication technology company for two years. Fei, without this money to buy a house, without this money to buy a car, she decided to use it to improve herself - to study in Australia. She chose to study a Master of Communication in Australia. To be a journalist may be the dream of many young people, but studying abroad is not a good choice. Obviously, which media needs a person who has just started to learn about their own culture? Not to mention skilled immigration. After I started class, I also understood that all my classmates were reporters, editors, and hosts working in radio and newspaper offices in Australia or other countries. The teachers were also senior cultural professionals. They gave lectures and discussions after class in English that they had never heard of. word. But since it was her own choice, she just gritted her teeth and walked on. She believed that people have potential in all aspects. A year later, A received the coveted master's degree in media. After the "returnee", she quickly entered a job at Reuters. Her knowledge of both arts and sciences made her a journalist and a computer "doctor" in the news agency, which completely changed her appearance before studying abroad. Girl B is my friend's child. I'm afraid that she, like every only child, throws her head high and falls from the clouds of cultural gap. A friend asked me to find a job for her, but I really don't know what kind of job she can accept. She just came here for three months, and it was the school holiday. She was homesick. I advised her not to go back. Everyone knows that the first three months of going abroad are particularly difficult. You just go home after this hurdle. Ready to endure another three months of ordeal? When she got used to life and her studies became better again, she was determined to solve the pressure of life by herself, and she couldn't spend the money that her parents had accumulated all her life at the exchange rate of one to six. Soon she found a job in a restaurant and started an exotic life of getting up early in the dark. She was busy in the morning until noon, then went to school in the afternoon and went to the library to study hard. For the hard work of part-time work, she said that it was commonplace and calm. She said it was not surprising, the chef is an MBA, the ordering is a doctor of physics, our restaurant has a strong cultural atmosphere. Diligence and a smile are the magic weapon at work. When you wash away the greasy dirt on your hands, everyone is a hard worker in study, and their grades will never fall behind. In the first few months, because there was no telephone at the residence, she had to walk 20 minutes to the train station to call her parents. Her parents were so anxious that the child was like a pigeon that was released, and there was no news. But after I learned about her situation, I told her parents that they can rest assured. B, who has a chemical engineering background, studied economics. She said that both immigration and returning to China can be done. If she wants to stay, she will major in accounting; if she plans to return to China, she will take finance as an elective and do management work in this industry. Watching her skin turn from white to dark, I believe that in this country with the highest air visibility, her heart is full of sunshine. Girl C is the descendant of a pair of educated youth. She said that her parents went to Anhui to jump the queue. She was born in a rural area. Later, both of her parents joined the Maanshan Iron and Steel Company to work. When they were in elementary school, according to the policy at that time, the hukou of the children of educated youth could be reported to Shanghai. Perhaps it was this extraordinary experience that trained her. She had a stubbornness and a belief that everything depended on herself. After graduating from Shanghai University, she was lucky enough to join a national first-class import and export company. Because she speaks good English, she was sent to the Canton Fair after one year of work. Many people have not had such an opportunity after three years of work. Seeing that the company values her so highly and her income is considerable, she almost shook her determination to study abroad. When she came to Sydney, she looked at the city with eyes full of excitement, but this excitement was quickly replaced by the exotic survival of diesel, rice, oil and salt. She has done everything, such as washing dishes, serving dishes, delivering newspapers, and selling mobile phones. She said that there is nothing strange. You have never seen street sweepers and roast duck sellers wearing thick lenses. As for the elites of the industry, didn't our hard-working ancestors start like this, and live in every corner of the world with their own intelligence, ability and tenacity? She has now taken graduation photos and is a permanent resident of Australia. She said that at that time, she worked hard and never complained, because she had a goal and an impulse, and it was always like a trot all the way, relying on herself. Now that everything I have longed for has been obtained, I feel at a loss. I said no, you are not still receiving distance education, you are not still looking for a job that matches your major, and you need to reunite with your parents. You still have a lot of things to do. When it comes to her parents, she is excited again. She said that her parents have already retired from Maanshan Iron and Steel Co., Ltd., and are doing some labor work in Shanghai that Shanghainese people do not want to do. I really want them to come to Australia earlier to enjoy the air, sunshine and beach here. , but to come early, I have to pay extra, and I have to work hard for a long time. Now she works as a tour guide in a Chinese travel agency, because she likes the job with high income, but at the end of each day, her voice is hoarse, and her feet can't drag like lead. Mom and Dad feel sorry for her, she said mischievously, the children of the poor should be in charge early. My mother said, why did you beat you so often when you were a child? Actually, you are really a very good child. She replied, maybe it is because of your high demands on me and strict control that I am what I am today. 25-year-old girls, their life turned out to be so ups and downs, and so many wonderful. Related news: International students: Overseas experience promises a bright future for me "The ugly duckling turns into a swan": 26-year-old female student becomes president