Wang Guangshan: Villa products are a sign of social and economic development (picture) Time: 14:00, April 29, 2009 Venue: Sina Leju Guest Chat Room, Ideal International Building Guest: Wang Guangshan, General Manager of Luneng Real Estate Grass Town Moderator: Sina Leju Zhang Dandan The following is the wonderful record of this interview: Moderator: All Sina netizens, good afternoon! Welcome to chat with the guests of Sina Leju. Today, the guest we invite is Mr. Wang Guangshan, General Manager of Grass Town, Luneng Real Estate! I see that it is written on your business card that it is the mayor of Grasse Town, East District of Beijing Central Villa. Can you tell us about the origin of this "job"? Wang Guangshan: This statement is actually false, but this town is a real town. From our marketing point of view, because this town has a perfume capital in France and has a very long history. There are many European and Mediterranean buildings in our buildings, so we took such a name. The official title of the government officials in this small town is mayor. In order to better connect with them, I named myself "mayor". But we are now for the needs of marketing, and the "mayor" is based on the responsibility of developing and managing the town. Moderator: It can be seen from this small detail that our project hopes to bring the original concept to this small town of Grasse. You talked about marketing just now. I believe you must have a unique set of ideas and experience in the real estate industry for so many years. Can you briefly share it with our netizens? Wang Guangshan: If I talk about experience, I can't talk about experience. I have been in this industry for several years. I feel that real estate development is still a meaningful industry, and it is very challenging for people; and it involves a wide range of professional knowledge, and I feel that I have learned a lot in it. Since Luneng started real estate relatively early, the International Building opposite Xidan Mall was our first real estate project, and that project was also a commercial real estate project. At that time, it was not very popular in Beijing. It can be said that this project was an instant hit and it was a success. Then we did a number of projects in Beijing. There are public ones and villas. The villas include our typical "central villa area", and now there is our Grass Town; and the Shunyi New Town we developed in Shunyi. Therefore, the scale of Luneng Real Estate in Beijing is very large. As a member of Luneng Real Estate, I feel that this harvest should be relatively large. We are more professional in building villas. The group company can choose me to do the villa project. I also feel infinite honor; at the same time, I also feel a lot of pressure. What Beijing faces is not only a domestic market, but also an international market. I feel even more pressure for the development responsibility that Luneng has given me and the expectations and expectations of the majority of market owners for my product development. Fortunately, there is a good team. Since 2002, we have developed Yosemite (forum photo album apartment type model room map search). During the development process, whether it is Chinese or Mediterranean, more a symbol. But more considering the function of the villa application, the rich people have the inherent needs of the villa. From the perspective of humanization, it is required to meet the requirements to the greatest extent. Looking at it now, the quality of our development team, including the designers, is not in place. After 30 years of reform and opening up, China has developed very fast, and the villa area is also constantly developing and progressing. In this process, we continue to explore and challenge ourselves. According to the needs of the market, it can meet the inherent needs of the people living in villas. I feel that this is my greatest pressure; but I also have a certain amount of confidence. First, because of my personal experience, I have always been a real estate developer; second, I have a very good team; third, with the help from all walks of life, we organized a Sina famous blog tasting group a few days ago. , which made me a lot of money. The professional ability of these famous bloggers is very strong. I felt that their comments were more genuine and I was baptized a lot. The so-called baptism is to pass down the good things and improve the bad things. This activity of Sina's famous Bo tasting group is very good. Therefore, in terms of market needs, I will continue to summarize some experiences. Especially some lessons in the development process, these lessons are more reflected in the owners. Any developer can't be without problems, but when you have problems, how do you deal with them is your problem. If you do not summarize the problems you encountered in the development process, and do not work hard to solve these problems, it will be a vicious circle. If you correct these lessons one by one, it becomes a kind of wealth. I told my team that we have gone through so many years, and we will continue to carry forward the good experience; the problems we encountered in the process, the problems reflected by the owner, or the engineering problems exposed by us, The problem of humanized living is good, we must correct it bit by bit to achieve the inner needs of the real villa. This is what we need to focus on in the next step. Moderator: It can be seen that Mr. Wang has been working very hard in the process of building this project. He has perfected every detail and gave the owners the best feeling, so that they can truly enjoy the villa life. . You also mentioned just now that the Chinese villa concept may still take a certain amount of time to spread and popularize. What kind of concept did Grasse Town have at the beginning of its construction? Wang Guangshan: Grass Town is another big project after our Yosemite development. Then go down to the source of the canal, which relies on the mother river of the canal. There is a two-kilometer old river bay in our villa group, and there is a Wenyu River, which we are using now. In a villa, it reflects a kind of natural environmental protection. We hope that through the town of Grasse, we can reflect our brand of villas, the strength of real estate and the level of real estate. Since the reform and opening up, China's economy has undergone tremendous changes, and our living conditions have also undergone earth-shaking changes. The emergence of villa products is a sign of social and economic development. We looked at villas when we were kids, maybe it was something we saw in movies, on TV. Now we not only have to watch it on TV, but also live in it in person. This is one aspect of social development. I feel that it is a great honor to be able to build villas for the rich. I also feel very honored that we can produce such a tens of millions of villas. From the perspective of positioning, the entire Grass Town should be a first-class villa in Beijing and even in the world. i want to comment