Victory and defeat color difference index line of fire: Shallow precipitation Real Madrid's first choice to lose big cold 01, Udine VS Naples two teams will face the devil's schedule this week. In the initial set, the home team had a tie/half low water level, and the home team looked highly to the home team. Udine has never beat Naples at home in a historical match. The record of 3 draws and 1 loss makes this set seem confident in the last set. Judging from the adjustment of European wins and losses, the home team will still rise to the hemisphere. If it rises too late, it is easy to overheat the low-water handicap in the upper plate, and at least make up for the draw. If the on-the-spot average win or loss is lower than 2.05, there will be no big cold play. The football lottery first choice is 31. 02. Lecce VS Siena This is the game with the most obvious drop in the level of compensation. The average level of compensation is already lower than 2.90. BWIN’s initial level of compensation of 2.90 is still not satisfied, and it dropped to 2.75 early. The lowest flat compensation in Serie A, 1 is not easy to rule out. In the initial set, the home team draw/half high water is more reasonable. After receiving the bet, Ao Cai is reduced to low water. I am worried that an obvious draw in the next game will cause too many chips to flood into the next game, and strive to gain some main winning chips by improving confidence. SNAI raises the main win, lowers the draw, and stays the same. Usually, when the draw is obviously too low to become the first choice, once there is no draw, it is more likely to be an unpopular odds item. From the current betting distribution in this game, this is a guest win. If the AOC is strong in the hemisphere in the later stage, it must not lose 0. 03. Torino VS Inter Milan won the two-goal away game in Central Europe and Inter Milan, and began to recover. Torino only has a weekend league this week, and it has a certain advantage in physical strength. In the new season, Turin has strengthened the strength of the striker and strived to get rid of the embarrassment of last season's lack of victory, but the last round still ended in a draw. In summary, the normal thinking of the bookmaker should be to prevent Inter Milan from also reducing the flat compensation, but from the current situation, the flat compensation has been secretly raised by many companies. Among them, William's flat pay is obviously high at 3.40, while Ladbrokes is only about 2.88, which is a huge difference. Moreover, the two companies' flat pay is higher than the average odds and the other is lower than the average odds, which directly excludes the chance of a draw; the winning level is matched with half/1 The plate is in a normal position. If the visiting team is higher than the water, the home team is theoretically possible to win. However, I have noticed that the European loss of the away team is showing a downward trend. 04. Sampdo VS Chievo is also a half/1 set bet. The average loss in this game is as much as 0.13 higher than that of Inter Milan. The average compensation of several major companies is around 3.50, which is somewhat high. Sampdo has yet to win a game so far this season. Chievo is known for his balanced attack and defense in Serie B. One goal/qiu and a half in the first set is obviously big. I think it may be that the bookmaker is worried that the home team will be sought after by the rebound. Dropping it to half/1 low-water market also overwhelmed the confidence of the upper game. In the case of maintaining this game, the handicap is equivalent to a drop of two levels. With the poor state of the home team, it will definitely not overheat. At this time, the home team will at least win by a small margin. What I am worried about is that it will be upgraded to one ball in the later stage. At that time, the confidence of the betting in the upper plate will recover and it will be easy to return to the water. At this time, the home team will lose if they do not win, and there is no chance of a draw. Will rise, so my choice for this field is two ends. 05. Floren VS Bologna Floren played one more European game in the middle of the week. They drew 2:2 with Lyon. The striker Gilardino was in good condition and scored twice. Boloni beat AC in the first round, but lost to Atlanta at home in the last round. The team still needs to adjust their mentality. It seems that the banker is not alone in returning to the away game that has been beaten in this round. After one goal/qiuban was opened normally in the initial market, it was reduced to one goal and the bet was high water, which gave an obvious anti-cold signal. In the later stage, only the precipitation did not rise, and it was difficult to condense the confidence of the betting in the last game, which effectively avoided too much. For betting, the home team usually wins by 1 goal. Only when it returns to one goal/qiu and a half high water, it needs to make up. At present, most of Wolfson's losses increase, and the spot increase may not be large, and the first choice is 3. 06. Kalia VS Juventus Juventus defeated their opponents in the mid-European game in the week, and they performed very steadily after the start of the league. Cagliari has played a total of 3 games plus a cup match, and has only scored one goal so far. Juventus is much different in terms of strength and state. In the initial set, one goal/qiuban high water is more reasonable. Based on the current situation of the two teams, this set can well avoid the risk of the visiting team's normal small victory, but it is surprising that the banker's bet only supports half/1. This game undoubtedly gave the visiting team too many cheap opportunities to play the game. Only in the later stage of the game will continue to raise the water again and again, completely destroying the confidence of the previous game, and it will help the guest to win; it will definitely be hotter to maintain a low water game. , fortunately, there is a large drop factor, the visiting team is still expected to win half of the game, the dealer will not lose, and the chance of the main victory is not large at this time. The scary thing is that if you raise a ball in the later stage, it will inevitably be high water, and the upper plate is still cheap and lucrative, and the main victory will become a must-have option. At present, the away win in Europe is relatively messy. Many Asian companies such as Crown and Mingsheng support a goal, so I have a big cold in this game. 07. Palermo vs Genoa