Wu Zun Ah Sa abandons the text to the martial arts idol version "Liang Zhu" competition (photos) Ma Chucheng's new kung fu love film "Jiandie" (blog) is about to be released. The film is based on the love story of "Liang Zhu ()". blog) challenge the classics, create a hero version of Brother Liang, change the image of Liang Shanbowen as a weak scholar, and take up arms to defend love. The poignant love story of Liang Shanbo and Zhu Yingtai has been adapted into film and television works many times, and now there is a new version. The audience will definitely take the "New Liang Zhu" and the "Old Liang Zhu" that left a deep impression on them in the past. Some big PK. Wu Zun Ah Sa Version - Abandon Wen and Cong Wu Under the magic wand of love film director Ma Chucheng, "Sword Butterfly" in addition to maintaining the style of "Liang Zhu"'s loyal love and Huadie's tragic style, Liang Shanbo and Zhu Yingtai both "abandoned". "Wen Cong Wu", became a martial arts master with outstanding skills, and the fierce fights became their declaration of love to the death. Even Ma Wencai, who was originally in a negative image in folklore, was portrayed as an image of love and justice in the film "Jiandie", adding more poignant beauty to this intricate love triangle. The joining of Wu Zun, Ah Sa, Hu Ge and others makes the film full of youthful idols. Wu Zun, who was filming a costume drama for the first time, can be called "the most handsome Liang Shanbo in history", and his series of cool and handsome sword dancing scenes definitely have top-level lethality to young fans. Among them, "Heartbeat Like a Song" sung by Cai Zhuoyan (listening to songs) is remembered and sung by many fans, and it is also because of this song that the whole movie is more touching. Wu Qilong (Tingge blog) Yang Caini (Tingge blog) version - creating a classic "The Liang Zhu" starring Tsui Hark, Wu Qilong and Yang Caini, the "Golden Boy and Jade Girl", enjoys a very high status in the hearts of fans and is known as a film and television The classic in "The Liang Zhu". The story still maintains the basic outline of folklore, but the story in the middle is greatly played by director Tsui Hark. The tragic turn in the second half is even more heart-wrenching. In the film, Liang Shanbo discovered Zhu Yingtai's daughter for a long time, and they had a one-night stand in a cave when they saw each other in Shibali - this almost subverted all previous Liang Zhu-themed films. "pure" relationship. In 1994, Wu Qilong had little performance experience, but under the training of Tsui Hark, he made rapid progress and played a simple and pure scholar Liang Shanbo deeply into the hearts of the people. In the film, Zhu Yingtai becomes a sunny girl, imitating Liang Shanbo's naughty when he rings the bell, the embarrassment when making up the exam, and the sweet and charming pinching his ears and sucking in the cold air when his hands are burnt - Yang Caini has performed very well. Some netizens said: "Such an atmosphere, such a lightheartedness, I almost forgot that this was a tragedy." Luo Zhixiang (Tingge blog) Liang Xiaobing's version - long and criticized "Youth Liang Zhu" obviously imitated Tsui Hark's version of "Liang Zhu" "The traces focus on the school life of Liang Shanbo and Zhu Yingtai, and add a lot of details, such as Zhu Yingtai and boys spit, fight, play football together, and also attracted the rich lady Lilac by accident. A "bitter love" occurs. The show was criticized by the audience for being "too long", and some netizens commented that it was "procrastinating like a foot-binding cloth" and "long and tedious comparable to Korean dramas". Luo Zhixiang was still a rookie when he acted in "Youth Liang Zhu", but his acting skills were good. He performed the dumb Liang Shanbo very well. It is difficult to imagine that he is actually good at laughing in reality. Liang Xiaobing, Miss Hong Kong 18 years ago, became a popular actress in "Wireless" in the 1990s. But Liang Xiaobing's biggest problem is that she is too old. She and Luo Zhixiang are 10 years apart in age, and they feel like "sister and brother" standing together.