All aspects of studying in Australia: It is best to apply for solar terms 8 months in advance. Most of the undergraduate and master's degrees in Australia start in February and July, and the general admission and visa cycle is 4-5 months. Therefore, experts recommend applicants for popular majors and institutions: apply at least 8 months in advance. In terms of TAFE, large public TAFE colleges generally start classes in February and July, and some majors only start in February. Therefore, to choose a good school and a good major, it is necessary to apply half a year in advance. Some private TAFE colleges have flexible semesters for some hot recruiting majors, starting every 2-3 months, and you only need to apply 4 months in advance. Exam Information For Chinese students applying to schools in Australia, the most important thing is the IELTS score. Generally speaking, to apply for TAFE college, IELTS should reach 5.5; for undergraduate application, IELTS should reach 6.0; for master's degree, IELTS should reach 6.5... Law, education, nursing, journalism and other majors have slightly higher language requirements, and may require Students with an IELTS score of 7.0 or above. The five-star elite schools in Australia are the most famous. Experts from citizens studying abroad: For applicants who want to apply for the master's programs of these schools, an IELTS score of 6.5 or above and an average score of 75 points or more in the undergraduate period are necessary conditions. "At the same time, the eight famous universities in Australia are more inclined to accept graduates from key Chinese universities, that is, 211 Engineering University." School Choice Guide "The choice of schools in Australia is affected by many aspects." An expert from the Australian Department of Economics and Trade Study Abroad said: "This involves There are many issues such as the level of the school, the prestige of the chosen major, the regional climate and the cost of living. "Different regions and levels have different school fees and living costs, and students should make choices based on their personal abilities. In addition, experts from studying abroad in Shihua pointed out: "Students should take the professional ranking as the main basis for choosing institutions. Different schools have their own emphasis on the professional level. Choosing a major with high gold content is more helpful for students' future employment." In addition, the Australian part of The small city where the school is located has 5 extra points for immigration, and students should choose a small city with extra points if necessary. Visa strategy The focus of the Australian Immigration Bureau's review of student visas is: to examine whether the applicant's study plan is reasonable; to determine whether the applicant has the ability to study; to understand his economic situation through his financial proof materials, and to determine whether the student has the ability to pay the tuition and fees in Australia. living expenses. Experts from the Provincial International Exchange Center pointed out that the looseness of the Australian visa policy is that applicants with insufficient funds can apply for a study loan from a bank, and the loan part is not limited by the deposit period. There are currently two channels for submitting specific applications for Australian study visas: traditional materials delivery channels and electronic visa channels. The main difference between the two is: ◎E-Visa is a way to submit an application to the Australian Immigration Service Student Visa Overseas Processing Center through the Internet, and all applications are made online. ◎After submitting the application, you can enter the electronic visa inquiry system at any time to inquire about the processing status. ◎The electronic visa application no longer has the PVA (pre-signature) step, which shortens the visa time. The current e-visa cycle averages 1 to 2 months. ◎For electronic visa applications, tuition fees must be paid before submitting the visa application; for traditional visas, tuition fees are remitted after PVA. ◎E-Visa only accepts applications from authorized intermediaries. In view of the convenience and speed of e-visa, current study abroad institutions generally choose this application method for students with complete materials. But there are exceptions. The person in charge of international study at Chengda University said: "In order to protect the interests of applicants, we will choose the traditional application method for students in some risky projects. Because the traditional method does not require remittance of tuition fees in advance, the application can be reduced. Risks.” Fees at a glance Tuition fees: TAFE courses cost about 100,000 to 180,000 yuan per year for two years; according to different schools, undergraduate tuition fees are 70,000 to 120,000 yuan per year; master’s degree is 80,000 to 130,000 yuan per year. Living expenses vary from 50,000 to 100,000 RMB per year according to the needs of students. Tips: From 2007 to 2009, the exchange rate of Australian dollar to RMB has changed a lot - from 1:6.8 to 1:4.5. Therefore, according to the current exchange rate, the cost of staying in Australia is very low. However, experts from Oriental College remind students and parents that the exchange rate is floating after all, and the study abroad fee cannot be calculated only according to the lowest exchange rate. Families must also be able to pay tuition and living expenses if the exchange rate rebounds or the child has an unexpected situation abroad. Part-time work policy International students can work 20 hours a week in Australia, and there is no limit to working hours during holidays. Usually the income is 8~15 Australian dollars / hour. If the spouse is with you, you can also work 20 hours a week; if the student is studying for a master's or doctoral degree, the spouse can work unlimited hours.