Ah Dijiang: I'm very afraid of the Beijing News, who has won 4 wins and 1 loss in the first five rounds of the new season. Ah Dijiang should be happy, but he was going to board the plane to Beijing yesterday morning. Ah Dijiang doesn't seem to have too many smiles, "I'm worried about the following two away games!" Ah Dijiang said frankly that this trip to Beijing and Xinjiang probably won't win a victory, "But no matter whether you win or lose, I hope to come back. At that time, the team can still maintain the good state and momentum it is now." Compared with the Xinjiang game, the Bayi Shuanglu should have a better chance of winning this round at the Beijing Shougang Basketball Center. Jiang predicted the outcome of the night, and after thinking about it for ten seconds, Ah Di Jiang did not give a very powerful answer, only said "five to five". He analyzed: "As soon as we are away, Beijing now has Francis, and the atmosphere at home is even more different; there is a more important reason that they have a foreign player whose scoring ability is the highest in the league, and we are the most What I’m afraid of is such a foreign aid that can jump, run and score, and last week in Hangzhou it was because of a Crittenton that he lost.” A Dijiang said that the foreign aid for the Beijing team is Morris, and on the official CBA website, he The data is really amazing: he averaged 33.8 points per game, ranking first in the CBA personal statistics rankings. In addition, he averaged 12.6 rebounds per game, 3 assists per game, and ranks among the best in steals, dunks and blocks. "In the CBA, Morris is definitely an all-around player." Judging from the video and data of the first five rounds of the game, Adijiang bluntly said that Francis' current state "is not very lethal to us directly", "but their Asian foreign aid Abbas is more worthy of attention, he is a very Practical player". Compared to Ah Dijiang, the soldiers of Bayi Shuanglu didn't seem so nervous yesterday. Before boarding the plane, they were talking and laughing in groups of three or five. Zhang Bo, who had not yet recovered from the cold, held Da Zhi's personal fitness trainer, Mark, and kept taking pictures: "People are on If You Are the One 2, it is a movie scene. You're a new star, you won't have a chance when you're popular." (Reporter Wu Jingtao)