The recruitment of Jingyou ECL volunteers has officially started The Jingyou ECL E-Sports Champions League will be officially launched after the Spring Festival, and the Jingyou ECL Competition Organizing Committee will organize and carry out volunteer services for the competition. In order to complete the recruitment tasks with quality and quantity within the specified time, the relevant matters about the recruitment work are now notified as follows: 1. Number of recruits: 40 people 3. Recruitment principles Volunteers are recruited through a combination of college-directed recruitment and social recruitment. 4. Basic conditions for volunteers 1. Volunteer to participate in the voluntary service work of the ECL Electronic Champions League; 2. At least 18 years old, with good appearance and good health; 3. Law-abiding fans who love e-sports; 4. Be able to participate in ECL volunteer service training and related activities; 5. Possess the necessary knowledge and skills for volunteer service positions in sports events. V. Volunteer rights and obligations (1) Rights 1. Understand the volunteer policy of the competition; 2. Express the willingness to work before the position is determined; 3. Obtain necessary job security; 4. Protect their legitimate rights and interests; 5. Participate in Volunteer training for the competition; 6. Put forward opinions and suggestions on the volunteer work of the competition. (2) Obligations 1. Comply with the policies, rules and regulations of the Organizing Committee; 2. Fulfill the Volunteer Service Commitment signed by me; 3. Complete the corresponding training; Arrangement; 5. Obey the command and deployment of the event organizing committee, and earnestly complete the volunteer service tasks; 6. Obey the management of the team during the volunteer service period. For the volunteers who do not fulfill their obligations, the organizing committee will cancel their qualifications as volunteers. 6. Guarantee and Rewards 1. Make and issue work permits; 2. Provide work uniforms and related equipment; 3. Provide meals during work; 4. Issue the ECL Electronic Champions League Volunteer Service Certificate; 5. Select and commend outstanding volunteers for the competition 6. The Organizing Committee will present a souvenir of the event. 7. Registration method Online registration: mengxia@cespc.com Contact person: Meng Xia Li Yuanyuan Tel: 010-88909128-816/805 ECL Electronic Champions League Organizing Committee February 21, 2010