Gong Lei's La Liga recommendation: Barcelona's recovery can be expected to win Real Madrid's unbeaten away game Almeria VS Málaga Recommendation: 3/1 In terms of strength, the two teams should be at the same level, depending on experience, Málaga was once a veteran of the first group Team. But Almeria has boosted self-confidence after successfully avoiding relegation last season, and will not lose to Malaga. The home team beat Bilbao 3-1 and drew with Valencia 2-2 in the first two rounds. A good start will make Almeria more confident. Although Málaga has more experience than the opponent's league, but from the performance of the first two rounds, the main problem is the lack of attack, it depends on how long they can defend this game. Valencia VS Osasuna recommendation: 3 Real Madrid and Barcelona are unfavorable, which gives Valencia a better chance to compete for the championship. Villa and Silva are the best age groups, and they are tireless opponents. Osasuna has a big gap with Valencia in terms of strength and state, and the defensive problems on both sides are serious. Valencia's 433 formation is based on attacking from the flanks. Under normal circumstances, the home team can take 3 points lightly. Real Betis VS Sevilla recommendation: 3/0 Although Sevilla beat Sporting Gijon 4-3 last week, the 3 goals conceded shows that their defensive problems are still serious. Most of the main players have played double games for a week in a row recently, making it difficult for them to maintain a good competitive state. After Betis lost 0-1 to the underdog Huelva for the first time at home, it indicated that they would have to carry the burden of relegation again at the beginning of the new season. Tough playing style and strong body are the advantages of Betis. It depends on the physical condition of the visiting team. The only way for the home team to win is to attack instead of defend. Sporting Gijon VS Barcelona Recommended: 0 Although Barcelona only scored 1 point in the first two league games, they beat Sporting Lisbon 3-1 in the Champions League in midweek, which has reduced a lot of pressure on coach Guardiola, who has been questioned recently. Henry on the front line and Max on the back line returned, allowing the team to regain the balance of offense and defense. It is normal for Gijon to lose the first two games. This newly-promoted team played with passion, ignoring the modern football trend of focusing on defense first. Santander Sporting VS Real Madrid Recommended: 1/0 Santander has a new look this season, not in the introduction of newcomers, but in the team's new look in terms of cohesion and tactical play. The last away game drew 1-1 with Barcelona, relying on the overall tenacious defense and active running to make up for the gap in strength. Real Madrid was actually scored 3 goals by Numancia in a home game. It proves that they are still strong on offense and weak on defense. On the back line, only Pepe has super personal defensive ability, and other positions lack mutual echo. Numancia vs Villareal