The instantaneous energy of Russia's research and development of super electromagnetic weapons is comparable to that of a nuclear explosion. (File photo) According to an article published by the Russian media on September 4, Russia has developed a powerful device code-named "Victory". Its instantaneous energy is comparable to that of a nuclear device. What is even more surprising is that this device It can be fully applied to electromagnetic weapons. The article in the Russian media said that defense strategists often use high-tech weapons as their bargaining chips, and almost all the powerful countries in the world are developing such weapons. It has been revealed that Russian scientists are developing a generator that can produce energy comparable to that of a nuclear device, in what can be described as a "real scientific breakthrough". Ordinary people are more familiar with household electricity, but they will not be able to imagine billions of watts of electricity, and it is even more difficult for people to imagine that a generator that produces such a huge amount of electricity turns out to be an item that can be placed on a normal table! Something so small and capable of producing such a huge amount of electricity has never been seen before, and it can generate energy comparable to that of a large hydroelectric power plant. At present, the efficiency of similar foreign products is up to one-tenth of it. This generator can be used on professional radar electronic telescopes, as well as on new generation radars, and it is most likely to be used by missile forces and defense departments. It can be used when testing the stability of large-scale high-energy products or systems. , which can be used when simulating lightning-like radio interference, or even when simulating nuclear explosions. It's hard to take pictures or video of the generator in action, because its instant energy is powerful enough to knock out any nearby electronics. The most exciting thing is that this generator called "Victory" can be used for the research and development of electromagnetic weapons.