The launch ceremony of the luxury channel was held. Zou Moyuan: In fact, there is a saying in the market that "urban residences are becoming luxury homes, and first-time home buyers are suburbanization." In fact, it is the situation of "being luxury homes" that editor-in-chief Fu just said, that is, the real estate in the core area of the city is basically being replaced by luxury homes. change. In fact, it is in line with the development direction of the entire Beijing city. Regardless of whether it is a political, economic and cultural center, and its ability to attract high-end people, after the 2008 Olympic Games, it has gradually expanded the city's influence and the ability to subdivide resources. With the gradual strengthening of urban resource segmentation capabilities, it will inevitably attract a large part of the high-end crowd. Under such a large pattern, the demand for high-end products in the urban core area will gradually increase. We feel that while this demand is constantly expanding, it requires developers to provide some high-quality residences in urban core areas to meet the needs of these high-end groups. We found that the recent transactions of high-end products in the market, we analyzed that the demand for self-occupation dominates, but the demand for investment gradually withdraws from the market at this time. This is actually fundamentally different from raising house prices, because cities are getting more and more developed, and more and more high-end people come to your city, and they need some high-quality residences that meet their needs. This also requires developers to provide more comfortable and high-quality products in the competitive landscape. In such an environment, the future development trend is that developers who can provide good quality will win more markets in this competitive landscape. Longfor Real Estate (enterprise zone, subordinate real estate) (enterprise zone, subordinate real estate) is also committed to being a professional developer from the first day it entered Beijing, and making some products that satisfy the high-end crowd. We have always developed motivation. In fact, we have been paying attention to the media Sina, which is a relatively capitalized media. Combined with customers, developers and media, it is a closed-loop relationship. I think Sina Leju is doing a luxury property channel, and the interaction with developers will be very good in the future. Moderator: Thank you Mr. Zou! In the 30 years since China's reform and opening up, this kind of wealth accumulation has already appeared. The consumption of family wealth will inevitably turn to a high-end property, and they will have a new independent thinking and judgment on products. Tahoe Real Estate has also made a sword in five years. Two products have been created on the same plot: one is Chinese style and the other is Western style; one is Tahoe Hongyu, and the other is a yard on the bank of the canal. The floor area ratio of 0.3 is also very rare now, please tell us about it. I want to comment on the host: Thank you, Editor-in-Chief Fu. Mansion Channel is committed to becoming the most professional online media for high-end projects in Beijing, because of us and because of you. Some members of the expert advisory group of the luxury channel are invited to accept the letter of appointment. The editor-in-chief of Sina Leju is invited to present the awards. They are Ma?; Zou Yuan; Li Min; Yang Jianxin; Shen Linan; and Li Zongnuo. Moderator: In 2010, Sina Leju and BTV Finance Channel jointly created a real estate feast, "Sina Leju Innovation Summit", Xinleju will broadcast the whole process, and BTV Finance Channel will make a special report to create the most influential year-end ceremony in Beijing. This is a preview. What do I mean by this here? Because at the meeting we will present a heavyweight award, the high-end property award. Today, we will announce the selected projects of the 30 real estate projects of the High-end Property Awards. We have invited editor-in-chief Yang Xi to announce these 30 projects. Yang Xi: The Longhu Summer Palace, Pangu Mark, No. 8 Hesheng Xiaoyun Road, the courtyard on the bank of the canal, the villa on the mountain, the first creation of Xiruidu, as well as Beijing Xinghewan, Napal Bay, European Mansion, Longhu Tangning ONE, R&F Bay, Royal Garden, Huayuan Jiucheng, etc. Moderator: There are 30 in total. Let's invite our expert advisory group and the guests to talk about our project. We'll have a Celebrity Homes event followed by an announcement of the Leju Premium Property Awards at the Innovation Summit on January 19th. Today our industry experts can comment on projects they are familiar with. The picture shows Ma Ma, Marketing Manager of China Resources Land (Corporate Zone, its properties) (Beijing) Co., Ltd.: I don't think it's worth talking about. You can talk about your views on luxury properties, including China Resources Land's own thoughts on luxury properties. Just like what editor Yang said just now, the reason why most of the houses are called mansions in the market now, but we really don’t want to call them mansions, and we prefer to call them high-end properties. Because the rise in housing prices, especially in some scarce areas and scarce resources, is more seldom owned, it is related to the direction of the development of the whole society and the development of the country's land development and urban construction. At present, the State Council meeting has put forward several opinions on real estate, one is urbanization; That is to say, there will be fewer and fewer resources for scarce urban areas, and fewer and fewer projects with low plot ratios. In the future, the developer will lead him to make higher-end products according to the form of land supply. This is also the high-end property that China Resources Land has made for us during this period, including the Hongshan Family in Beijing and the Landmark Mansion. And our low-density projects in Daxing will be built with high-end properties. Also due to historical development, developers have to be forced to develop upstream. It is also because of this development that high-end properties will inevitably become a hot topic of discussion and attention. In fact, we have also evaluated the media channels we have contacted, and Sina Leju is still a very accurate channel for promoting luxury properties. Judging from our assessment, the crowd attracted by Sina Leju and the effect it brings are relatively better than other media. I think it is very good to have such a platform as the basis to provide a platform for developers to communicate. Fu Shuo: Now there is a kind of "luxury house" on the market. Due to the land price, developers have encountered many technical problems when making luxury houses. We would like to ask Mr. Zou to introduce the typical characteristics of this year's luxury housing market, and what changes may occur in the high-end market next year? i want to comment