Design example of Chinese courtyard of Suzhou Museum This is another project we have done. This project is about to start. I want to talk about this project. In other words, if we use a joking way, it can be said that Mr. Pei cooperated with him without his knowledge. Entrusted by their Langfang Municipal Government, they found us inexplicably, hoping to make it a conference center. When we were gearing up, at an important executive meeting, a very clear request was made to me, and the contract was signed at this time. After the contract was signed, he made a very clear request to me. Our mayor likes Suzhou Museum very much. He said Mr. Wang, do you like it? I said of course I still prefer it. Because I can't say I don't like it. The meeting formed a resolution and that's it, imitating some of the essence of Suzhou Museum, we will imitate the conference center in Langfang. This project can only do as well as we can under our limited circumstances, and we hope, what do I hope more? I am the happiest to be able to satisfy Mr. Bei. You can get a general feeling through this rendering, I think it can be obvious from a floor plan. In fact, in terms of logic, we still follow Mr. Pei's will very humbly and say some of the essence of Chinese tradition that we can master. First of all, he is of course a good comprehensive relationship with the courtyard, and everyone can see that this is a very good thing. Due to functional requirements, there are large restaurants, large foyer and other more luxurious conference halls. Actually under my control, I want all parts to be a courtyard or house inside all traditional Chinese architectural gardens. I can explain it in a popular way. Our courtyard, interior, and transitional space are all part of the courtyard. We regard it as an external space, or an open space. Only the room we really use is in one of the traditional Chinese gardens. Garden, or a certain house. We are translating it in a new language. At the same time, I noticed that in the current construction process, we did not use any traditional materials, nor did we use any traditional real one-to-one relationship or a symbol, neither. In all information and forms, we make new translations and interpretations of traditional, even Mr. Pei's symbols. That's what we want to do, and we don't want to displease Mr. Pei. It can be seen from several pictures that we do not have traditional roofs, decals, or even traditional walls, but I believe this is still a Chinese house, and everyone has different opinions on whether it is good or not. Moreover, we believe that the essence of the inner wall of the garden is still fully displayed. This is a garden architecture, a traditional Chinese garden architecture. Of course, there is still a clear shadow of Mr. Bei in this aspect, and we always hope to have an explanation with the mayor. This is the situation of the inner courtyard. After careful study and some features in Suhang Park, we control the size. The building has a special requirement, he is to have special security requirements. In other words, the armed police may be on guard. This was the situation when we were studying Suzhou gardens at that time, so I won't explain too much here. I want to show you the interior situation. Of course, when we designed it, it was the first time that we accepted the owner's initiative, all the interior arrangements, including the home. Of course he wants me, we need to pay tribute to Mr. Pei, this is the situation indoors. In other words, all the interiors of each using the shape of the room are made as exterior walls. There are actually more than a dozen team buildings here, and all the spaces are courtyards. This is the big dining room, this is the main conference hall, very high. This is a small Chinese restaurant, this is a living room, including a very luxurious suite with rest, including a conference room. From this point of view it is a passive situation, but it has been accepted, and we try to do it well. To be able to do it as well as possible from limited conditions. This is also some of the information we have obtained in the study of Mr. Bei's Suzhou Museum. What I prefer to see is this picture. Everyone can see that there is a feeling here. I believe that there will be a first impression. There are many houses combined here. In fact, there are three small rooms in one big house. It may directly give the impression that ten houses are grouped together, which is what we hope to achieve. There is another project, which will not be introduced further due to time constraints. Just for everyone to browse. This is a very good Chinese architecture that I think I have dealt with, so I won't go into detail about it. There is a theory of yin and yang and five elements in my mind and heart, which I rely on to control. This is a successful identified way, but it is not yet open. I would like to say that everyone has a lot of understanding of traditional European architecture, but it is not profound. Why? First of all, a phenomenon can explain that the Chinese people's understanding of European architecture is still in an extensive and distorted attitude. This is that every big city will have a Victorian garden, and there will be some Caesars. The understanding of European culture and traditional architecture is biased. This is the most typical of traditional European cities, with the open situation of the church in Sendersburg. For his logic and organization, I think from the perspective of a city, he does not have a better logic. I think there is a higher connotation in the logic and spirituality of Chinese traditional architectural cities and spaces. It is a pity that traditional architecture has become like this in modern times, because it has been impacted by many other aspects. In fact, there is a voice in our minds crying out, we hope that China, just like the central government once put forward a very important slogan, the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation. In fact, in my opinion, I prefer to rename it the great revival of traditional Chinese culture from an architectural point of view. It is the great revival of Chinese culture. In fact, we are still in a state where more than 80% are Westernized and plundered by aggressive culture. Therefore, we have a cry in our hearts, hoping that traditional Chinese culture and our valuable carried forward. In fact, the so-called Chinese architecture in China, I personally think that the work done by Yang Xinbao and other seniors in the 1930s is more valuable. Even in the city of Beijing, if a house from a few years ago is considered a cultural relic, then a house within a hundred years is considered a quasi cultural relic. The better houses are often in Tsinghua University and Peking University. considered more valuable. I think here is the study and respect of the West at that time, a kind of inheritance of Chinese tradition, and it is a Chinese translation of the article. This is what I think. China is currently in the last ten or twenty years, the language we are using is to translate European culture with English that China understands. So he will be twisted. This is a courtyard that we are all familiar with, and I was moved by it when I saw it. I am more willing to study it more, including why his door is in this position and why the window is like this. This is something I am very interested in. In fact, sometimes, we now say that there will be problems. When we encounter such a photo by chance, we will feel a little touched. For a long time, we have not combined the real value of these things with traditional things. Sometimes when we see such a photo, we will be more moved, and we may understand a real word, what is "make a fool of yourself", and it will often become a very funny thing when the Chinese and the West are grafted together. This is our most beautiful paradise. Of course, we have made a lot of efforts now. In the Olympic Games, we still did a lot of effective traditional Chinese cultural development. Let me talk about this picture separately. It is also about the current development of the World Expo. The Olympic Games is a process of performance that everyone admires, including the construction process of the China Pavilion at this World Expo. Although everyone is still more admirable and praised, I feel that a lot of hard work has been done. The work of promoting Chinese culture. Usually we want to show foreigners, everything is like girls wearing beautiful clothes for men, and everything we do is to show westerners, not to ourselves. Thinking about it carefully, all our symbols are for Westerners to see. The pinnacle is the China Pavilion at the World Expo, where Europeans look at Chinese symbols. i want to comment