Hong Kong's weekend box office roundup: Music and dance continue to get together (with photos) Overview: Music and dance film wins again On the day of the screening, it won the box office champion, and although it was only released in 26 theaters on the Sunday box office, it was still far away from the other works that opened on the same day - its Sunday box office was nearly 930,000 Hong Kong dollars, compared with The HK$370,000 of the new film "Chainsaw 5" is almost HK$600,000 higher, not to mention that its number of theaters is almost the same. Another newly released Japanese film, "The Gangster Has Hollywood," is also a black comedy, ranking ninth with HK$40,000 a day. Ordinary audiences don't buy it. Last week's box office champion and runner-up, "High School Musical 3" and "Tropical Thunder", each dropped one place, and "High School Musical 3"'s Sunday box office was HK$810,000, which was only HK$1.24 million compared to its premiere Sunday's HK$1.24 million. It has dropped by about 35% (in the North American market, "High School Musical 3" is still the box office champion, but its single-day performance has dropped by more than 60% compared with the premiere Sunday). Based on the current cumulative box office of 7.64 million Hong Kong dollars, it is estimated that Can reach about 9 million Hong Kong dollars. If you include this year's "Dancing Out of My Life 2", "Mama Mia", etc., it seems that the high school music works are welcomed by many audiences because they are easy to understand and close to the tastes of young people, but it is a pity , Although Hong Kong films have appeared in the 1940s and 1950s Mandarin period music films or the 1960s "Spring River, Flowers and Moon Night" and other brilliant music and dance films, they only remain in the memory of history. For other works, "Tropic Thunder" was released in 31 theaters, but only received a Sunday box office of nearly 490,000 Hong Kong dollars, accumulating 5.76 million Hong Kong dollars. Over HK$6 million this week. "Jiandie Butterfly" (blog) directed by Ma Chucheng is about to come to an end in terms of box office. It is expected to end at around HK$5.85 million, while its box office in Taiwan is only NT$2 million or NT$3 million. The film that invited Choi Zhuoyan (Ting Ge), Wu Chun (blog) and Hu Ge (Ting Ge blog) to play the three leading roles has only achieved such a mediocre result. It seems that sometimes people are not as good as heaven. (1) New films: Word of mouth is generally good (2) October box office summary: Foreign language films slightly outperformed the same period last year (3) This week's new films: New 007 hits Hong Kong weekend box office rankings (November 2, 2008) Statement: Sina.com Exclusive manuscript, reprint please indicate the source.