Exclusive plan: "Cape No. 7" leads Taiwan's film nude swimming Plan: Liu Ting's article: The old gluttonous in Taiwan, if you don't know a movie called "Cape No. 7", just like you don't know a movie called "Hit" It's the same as the idol drama "I'm destined to love you", which shows that you are completely OUT. The popularity of this film in Taiwan is no less than that of "Batman 6" in North America. When senior movie fans meet, they don't ask "Have you watched "Cape No. 7"?", but ask "How many times have you watched "Cape No. 7"?" It is said that some people have watched it nine times. At the same time as "Cape No. 7" was well received, the film was also selected as the entry film for Taiwan's application for the Best Foreign Language Film at the Oscars at the end of August. And just yesterday (18th) at noon, the film's actor Fan Yichen (Ting Ge) finally fulfilled his vow to swim naked. Before him, Ethan Ruan (blog) swam naked because of "Fated to Love You", this time Fan Yichen swore Will be "completely naked". Although Ethan Ruan's nude swimming was laughed at as "feasting the eyes of fish and shrimp", and Fan Yichen only swore at "two points", but no one can deny that because of the stunt of "naked swimming", the box office of "Cape No. 7" All the way to red, and finally broke 100 million. How popular is Cape No. 7? People who are not familiar with Taiwanese movies must think that there is any accidental or inevitable connection between Wei Desheng's "Cape No. 7" and Stephen Chow's "Yangtze River No. 7", and they simply cannot understand that "Cape No. 7" is already prosperous on the other side of the strait. To what extent, the film has been on a tear since its release in Taiwan. The box office the day before yesterday had already reported NT$96 million (approximately RMB 24 million). Yesterday, it officially broke the 100 million mark (approximately RMB 25 million). The box-office record of 2008 also passed away, and Ang Lee's popular Golden Lion blockbuster "Lust, Caution" also failed to match it, and even Jay Chou's "The Secret That Can't Be Said" also became one of its top performers. A "stepping stone" under the top pace. The protagonist Fan Yichen is also popular all over Taiwan because of this film, becoming a high-quality idol in the eyes of countless girls, and his most prominent identity before was just a singer, and his previous film and television experience was only the TV series "Treasure Island Girl Succeeds". "Remember" and "Dancing Stage", "Cape No. 7" can be regarded as his film debut. Fan Yichen, who was only selected as the tourism image ambassador of Taiwan Province at the end of June, together with Japanese singer Naka Kosuke (Ting Song), and Tanaka Chie, who had worked with Jay Chou, created a sweeping treasure under the leadership of director Wei Desheng. The island's film Typhoon changed the sluggish box-office performance of the island's films. At the same time, several "Made in Taiwan" "Boys" and "The Girl Who Eats Flowers" also achieved good box office results. In the face of such a hot sale of Taiwanese movies, senior directors such as Hou Hsiao-hsien, Chen Kunhou, and Lin Zhengsheng agreed that "a new wave of Taiwanese movies has come."