14 websites propose to build a long-term mechanism to rectify the vulgarity of the Internet. People's Daily Online, Beijing, February 14 (Reporter Zhao Yahui) This afternoon, the Office of the National Special Action to Rectify the Internet's vulgarity held a symposium for website leaders in Beijing to discuss the establishment and improvement of Internet rectification. Vulgar wind long-term mechanism. People in charge of 14 websites including People's Daily Online, Xinhuanet, CCTV, China Youth Daily, Sina.com, Sohu.com, CDC, Baidu, Tencent, and NetEase attended the symposium. Delegates at the meeting agreed that rectifying vulgarity on the Internet is conducive to the healthy development of the Internet in my country and is conducive to creating a good growth environment for the majority of young people. The effect of rectifying vulgarity on the Internet is obvious to all. We must maintain our strength and grasp it to the end. As a website with greater influence, it should take the lead in running the website in accordance with the law and in a civilized manner, and consciously resist the vulgarity on the Internet. Wang Xiaohui, president of CDC, believes that the regulation of online vulgarity is consistent with the requirements for a civilized network and a civilized Internet access. It must be attached great importance to raise awareness of the harmfulness of online vulgarity. It is the consensus of the delegates that rectifying the vulgarity on the Internet is conducive to the development of formal websites. Lin Hai, the content director of NetEase.com, said that since the launch of the special campaign to rectify vulgarity on the Internet, NetEase's traffic has not declined, but it has provided an opportunity for the website to enhance its self-regulation capabilities. Sun Zhonghuai, general manager of Tencent.com, said that it is a good thing for regular companies to rectify the vulgarity on the Internet. The delegates generally believed that the internal assessment of the website should not be based on the number of visits as the sole criterion. Fang Yinong, vice president of Xinhuanet, said that the website cannot attract traffic at the expense of its brand, nor can it be based on traffic as the main evaluation basis. Zhong Yan, deputy editor-in-chief of Sina.com, said that vulgar content should not be used to attract traffic, and traffic should not be used as the only basis for assessment, and those who edit vulgar content should be punished. Delegates at the meeting emphasized the importance of public opinion supervision and social supervision. Zhong Yan said that Sina.com has asked a third party to help review the content of the website to strengthen external supervision. Guo Qinglin, deputy editor-in-chief of Sohu.com, said that in addition to the internal supervision of the website, public opinion supervision is extremely important, and the websites should also supervise each other. Websites should enhance the awareness of civilized website management. Wang Hua, director of the editor-in-chief of CCTV, said that the website should make more efforts to enhance the awareness of civilized network management and continuously improve its ability to provide excellent online cultural products. Huang Chungang, deputy editor-in-chief of Daqi.com, Xie Junxiang, assistant to the president of Qihoo.com, and Rong Song, editor-in-chief of V1.com, suggested that the education and training of Internet practitioners should be strengthened to increase the awareness of civilized network operation. Delegates at the meeting emphasized that rectifying vulgarity on the Internet requires perseverance and the participation of all parties. Guan Jianwen, vice president of People's Daily Online, said that rectifying vulgarity on the Internet is by no means a "one-day effort" and requires the support and participation of all sectors of society, especially netizens. Sun Zhonghuai believes that the 13 vulgar standards have been gradually accepted by everyone, and such recognition is also part of the long-term mechanism. The relevant person in charge of the National Special Action Office for Rectifying the Internet's Vulgarity said that they will carefully study the opinions and suggestions put forward by the person in charge of the website to better improve the long-term mechanism for rectifying the Internet's vulgarity.