Liang Wei: Real estate investment should pay attention to regional value (picture) Moderator: Thank you, Mr. Xu, because what you said is too apt. Many things, including specific conversion rates or yields, are of concern to everyone, so everyone can cheer up , we also brought a project, Huayuan. Jiuduhui is also a recently launched project. Let's take a few minutes to ask Weiye Consultant's Vice President Liang Wei to talk about Huayuan. For the Jiuduhui project, we can also talk about some of the real estate market in 2010. Please ask Mr. Liang. Liang Wei, Deputy General Manager of Weiye Beijing Company, let me talk about our architectural form and style. The architectural form and style are typical of Yansha's Shanghai style, which belongs to American modern architecture. After all, the project site is located in the American Embassy. On the north side of the building, it has a typical international and relatively modern Shanghai style. In terms of interior decoration and interior decoration, because it is a hardcover product, it also belongs to a relatively American modern style. At the same time, from our building, we adopt the relatively simple architectural style of the United States. At the same time, we will immediately launch Building 5 and Building 6. Building 5 is the main product of 120 square meters, which belongs to Yansha District or the entire CBD area. The construction method of elevator garden houses is rarely seen. Our No. 6 building products are products of urban villas which are more scarce on the ground in the entire Yansha core area. If you are interested, you can go to our Qumadu sales office next week to experience the real core area of the city, the core area of Yansha, including Sanlitun, Gongti, and CBD. You will see this It is a product of an elevator garden house or even an urban villa. Basically, the scarce value and unique value of the entire product design like it will bring you a new living feeling and pride. Moderator: Thank you Mr. Liang. i want to comment