BusinessWeek Cover Article: Getting In The Face of the Difficulties This issue of BusinessWeek's cover article summarizes how U.S. retailers are doing their best to cope with the current downturn in the consumer market. Determined by the characteristics of the industry, the innovative forms of retail business are now mainly reflected in online shopping and promotion. In addition, for the business content, designing its own business strategy in a reverse way of thinking also has remarkable originality. U.S. consumers across all income and consumer spending levels shrank sharply last year, either buying significantly less at department stores and discounters, or delaying purchases. According to a recent poll, 60% of respondents said they were cutting back on cleaning expenses and even extending laundry intervals. 72% of respondents said they now decide to haggle when shopping, up from 56% two years ago. But with the most important holiday of the year approaching, the frugal climate has retailers terrified. Even if the economy picks up, some retail professionals believe it will take at least 10-15 years to return to its pre-bubble boom. Some professionals believe that this situation is the expectation of consumers for the new era. Some smart retailers have begun to rethink the way they did business in the past. In addition to slashing inventory levels, scaling slower, and heavily discounting items, these merchants are more creative in managing inventory, adjusting product lines and ditching their usual promotional pricing. Some risk-taking retailers are increasing the number of stores and even raising prices. Here's a look at the new strategies these retailers are using in this year's cutthroat competition. Creating Scarcity According to retail professional consultants, retailers are becoming reluctant to commit to anything. They began to control inventories and whet consumers' appetites for best-selling items. They avoid both a mountain of inventory that ends up having to be sold at a discount, and an empty shelf that hurts sales. In response to broad consumer preferences, stores have launched more design finished and semi-finished products. Such as the difference from clothing materials and dyeing to styles. This not only allows merchants to cope with the diversity of consumption, but also leaves more flexibility for themselves. Changing the way they discount retailers, hit by last fall's recession, have little choice but to slash prices to deal with excess inventory. But merchants will adopt new strategies this year. In addition to guaranteeing sales, some stores have begun to cut prices by an average of 16% on one-tenth of the inventory this summer. They believe the lower prices will keep consumers from buying regularly, even if the big holiday price cuts don't come. Some chain stores operating luxury brands, while focusing on high-end customers, also focus on promoting their mid-range or entry-level products, which can lower the prices of their ordinary products. But product designers are reluctant to design low-priced products. Now even if there is a product promotion, its form is different. Merchants will take a more targeted approach. They alert readers to currently discounted optional items via email and Facebook. These items can only be purchased and traded online, and the display time is only 2-3 hours. After the promotion, the merchant launched a popular luxury website, and the sale of products with big discounts is limited to 36 hours. Stores that have taken this approach say they have achieved better-than-expected results, arguing that it was the recession that led them to take the plunge. Simple and one-stop shopping stores set the right product layout for consumers, where market share affects business growth is critical. Industry analysts predict that consumers will control the lure of products by shopping in only one place. Therefore, the chain operation should move towards the direction of new product classification. Such as Sears (Sears) in August for the first time in its 20 storefronts set up permanent toy storefronts. It used to only have seasonal toy storefronts. In addition, there are businesses trying to sell outdoor furniture and electric vehicles, as well as second-hand video game products in stores. Some stores even look forward to selling electric cars in the future. While some businesses are expanding their business scope, others are indeed streamlining their operations to improve operational efficiency. Home Depot, for example, has pared down paintbrushes, grills, and outdoor holiday items like faux Christmas trees and inflatable snowmen. Distinctive Retailers live on daily sales, which often sets their own formula for survival. But opportunists do advance and retreat in business. In order to obtain higher profit margins and communicate directly with users, some merchants continue to increase their storefronts. Some brand manufacturers also intend to increase the proportion of their own brands sold in their own stores. Other businesses are eager to close some stores, mainly thinking that consumption will not perform better in the short term. But there are big furniture makers taking risks. Instead of cutting prices, they push their products to higher-end consumer groups. They believe that the environment is changing, and they cannot view the new consumption situation with the same old eyes. (East Anhui)