Li Yuanwei's 2010,370,000-character autobiography set off a storm. How many secrets did he reveal? In 2010, the former director of the Basketball Management Center presented his 370,000-character autobiography reform summary, once again dedicating his reform experience to the development of Chinese basketball. Among Chinese sports officials , The most thorough and frank analysis of his career, Li Yuanwei has set an example. Character brief introduction: Li Yuanwei, born in 1948. He has successively served as the vice president of Beijing Sports University, the director of the Basketball Management Center of the General Administration, the executive vice chairman and secretary general of the Chinese Basketball Association, and the chairman of the Asian Basketball Federation. During his tenure as the director of the Basketball Management Center, he vigorously promoted the professionalization of basketball in China. Learning from the successful foreign professional league model, the Chinese basketball "North Star Project" was launched. Abolish league promotion and relegation, implement a league access system, and set up a CBA league committee. During his tenure, he boldly used foreign teachers. In the two Olympic Games, the men's basketball team entered the top eight, and the women's basketball team reached the semifinals at the Beijing Olympics. Comments: The existing system also provides a certain space for project leaders. The key depends on how they understand the environment for the survival and development of the projects they lead, and how they understand the development laws of sports projects. At the same time, do you have a positive and enterprising spirit, and do you have a strong motivation and determination to change the face of the project? This is very critical. Li Yuanwei, who started the marketization of basketball in China. During his five years in office, he tried his best to make some preparations for the development of basketball. There are many difficulties and setbacks, but he believes that these attempts are not conducive to the development of professional basketball. It's necessary" reporter Tang Lei The day after the Chinese men's basketball team won the Guangzhou Asian Games, Wang Zhizhi sent a text message to Li Yuanwei: "Yesterday's championship is also dedicated to you, thank you Director Li." A similar situation happened in Beijing At the opening ceremony of the Olympic Village in the Olympic Games, Wang Zhizhi took Li Yuanwei for a group photo and said, "Thank you Director Li for giving me the opportunity to return to China to play." In the summer of 2002, after the NBA season ended, Wang Zhizhi chose to stay in the United States to continue to hone his skills, but did not return to China in time. Participated in the national team training, and eventually lost control and developed into "Wang Zhizhi stayed in the United States and did not return." In 2003, after Li Yuanwei took office as the director of the basketball management center, he began to coordinate and operate Wang Zhizhi's return to China. After four years of hard work, Li Yuanwei coordinated the work of the national team, the General Administration of Sports, the Political Department of the Bayi General Political Department, and the media. Li Yuanwei never denied that the original motivation for solving the "Wang Zhizhi Incident" was to prepare for the Olympic Games. As the leader of the Sports Management Center, the results of the Olympic Games are the final exam questions. "I also made preparations that when Da Zhi came back, he might not be able to use it. After all, his training was not systematic at that time, and he couldn't play the game." Even so, Li Yuanwei also believed that the "risk" was right. He told China News Weekly that running him back to China also showed respect for people and recognition of people's values. "This is the implementation of people-oriented practice in the Chinese sports industry, and it is also an example. Whether the project leaders are willing to put in the effort is the key." At this Asian Games, the men's and women's basketball teams and women's volleyball teams, which have little suspense, both won gold medals. Some people say that a series of reform attempts led by Li Yuanwei, the director of the Basketball Management Center who resigned in January 2009, are still benefiting Chinese basketball until now. It is quite rare in the Chinese sports world to "revolutionize one's own life" and step down as a sports official who is missed by the circle. "What measures should be taken to develop professional sports? The solution of the three major football problems depends on socialization and marketization, not purely administrative orders. Administrative measures can play a greater role, but cannot solve the fundamental problems. This is determined by the laws of sports events. Yes." Li Yuanwei briefly summed up his reform experience during his five-year tenure. With the departure of Li Yuanwei, the working style and policy formulation of the basketball management center have undergone great changes. The CBA league office was cancelled, the league's major sponsors were unwilling to renew the contract after the expiration of the contract, and the club was required to strengthen cooperation with the local sports bureau... Strengthening the national system was also publicly emphasized by the current leaders. In June 2010, Li Yuanwei published his own book, reviewing his five-year career as the director of the basketball management center. The book shows the hardships of a sports official in the reform and exploration of the existing sports system. "In the past five years, I have tried my best to make some preparations for the development of basketball, including the reform of professional leagues, the change of the national team's preparation model, the development of mass basketball, the integration and development of basketball resources, and the construction of basketball culture. Explore as much as possible. I think these are necessary for the development of professional basketball. But after all, the time is relatively short, and it can only be the beginning." Li Yuanwei told "China News Weekly", "Write something to stay there, in order to It is convenient for future generations to think. As for whether it is right or not, it depends on practice." "League-based is right" reform, but at the same time, it is necessary to fully protect the national team's record. These two goals are sometimes contradictory, but at this stage, only by guaranteeing the performance of the national team can we gain time and space for reform. Li Yuanwei knows this well. In this process, there are many professional operations that cannot be carried out in depth due to the existing Chinese sports system. Li Yuanwei has been trying and preparing for future professional development in the past five years. China News Weekly: When you were in office, how did you balance the league reform and the national team's performance? Li Yuanwei: The professional league is the foundation of the national team's performance, and it is right for the league to be based. For the national team, it is to organize a strong team of Chinese and foreign coaches, learn from the international model experience of preparing for large-scale games, and at the same time increase the league schedule as much as possible, increase confrontation, and improve the game experience of young and middle-aged players. China News Weekly: If the league operates according to the ideal professionalism, but cannot train the national team for a long time, resulting in the decline of the national team's performance, can the upper-level leaders accept it? Li Yuanwei: There will be conflicts in preparing for the professional league and the national team, but it is not irreconcilable. It is important to find a suitable point. Our (basketball) training camp is a detour, long-term training camp, and even extreme claims are captive breeding. This is indeed not necessarily the best way for the national team to train. If the professional league level is very high, the national team does not need to train for so long. But now the league level is not high. China News Weekly: You set up the Basketball Management Center and a league committee composed of clubs to manage the league, but in fact the management is still at the Basketball Management Center. At this stage, how to balance administrative power and professional management power? Li Yuanwei: We must admit that in the process of transition from semi-professionalization to professionalization, the Basketball Association and the Basketball Management Center should still play a leading role. Recruiting club investors or representatives to participate in management and adopting democratic decision-making is actually to prepare and try for future league management. This is an improvement. I think it has a positive effect. There are still people criticizing the voting issue (the league committee vote). I would say that this is a big improvement in management. I can completely adopt the old way, that is, the basketball management center makes a decision and says who will enter the CBA and who will not. But the way of voting reflects the will of all league participants, which is in line with the development requirements of professional leagues. The problems that arise during the voting process are problems in progress, and it cannot be said that the system is not good. I am a beneficiary of the system, and Li Yuanwei, who is also constrained by the system's unemployment, often participates in some sports seminars, academic salons, or research evaluations on policy topics of the General Administration of Sports. On these occasions, Li Yuanwei insisted on his reform ideas, even stronger than when he was in office. China News Weekly: For a long time, every competition will trigger a discussion on China's sports reform. Li Yuanwei: This actually reflects that after the Beijing Olympics, the masses have become increasingly vocal for sports reform, and the criteria for judging sports values are changing. Discussing what the future model of China's sports development will be will have a positive effect on the future development of China's sports. The old system has historical inevitability. First of all, we must affirm that this management system has played a positive role in the history of China's sports development and has made great contributions. But at the same time, we must also see that this system was born out of a highly centralized planned economy and has not changed much for decades. China News Weekly: In the mid-1990s, the reform of Chinese sports was very strong, but why did it suddenly stagnate? Li Yuanwei: At that time, the sports reform took a relatively big step. For example, at that time, it was clearly stated that Chinese sports should take the development direction of socialization and industrialization. At that time, the national fitness plan and the Olympic glory plan were proposed. The sports lottery was launched, which greatly alleviated the problem of insufficient funds. In particular, the reform of the sports management system was launched, and many sports management centers were established. At that time, it was very clear that the form of the management center was the product of the transition from a public institution to an association. A series of reforms have achieved obvious results, but they have not been implemented. An important reason is that the bid for the Beijing Olympics was successful. To further strengthen the priority development of competitive sports, to a certain extent, everyone can understand, after all, the Olympic Games are held in China for the first time, and sports performance is of course very important. Objectively, the reform of the sports management system has slowed down. China News Weekly: In the current system, sports officials need to be reformed, to what extent do you think they can do it? Li Yuanwei: We are also beneficiaries of this system when we work. This highly centralized system allows you to powerfully achieve your goals. But at the same time you are also subject to this system. Reform can only be done to a certain extent. For example, if it affects the preparations for the Olympic Games, it will not work. This system also provides a certain space for project leaders. The key depends on how you understand the environment for the survival and development of the project under your leadership, how you understand the law of sports development, and whether you have a positive and enterprising spirit, and whether there is a strong change. Motivation, determination for the face of the project. This is very critical.