PCGA2009 Pepsi Grand Prix Changsha Division Live Report On June 13-14, 2009, the city selection competition of PCGA2009 Pepsi Super Grand Prix Hunan Division reached its climax. The most important city division of the province, Changsha Division, started in Changsha Bolian Network Tianma Store. All well-known players from all over the province participated in the competition. At the scene of the game, we can see DOTA's PCGA national champion CT team last year, and the well-known domestic powerhouse TM team. JAYSTAR, a well-known Protoss master in China, and ZK, a well-known worm player in Hunan, and Tiger Tiger, a former well-known professional player from WE in the Warcraft project, also came to the scene of the competition. . On the first day, the competition of the DOTA project was held, but the most intense competition came from the first round. Last year's PCGA national champion CT team met the well-known domestic powerhouse TM team in the first round. These two teams can be said to be enemies. In many PCGA Internet cafe points competitions, they can often stage a wonderful duel before the final. The whole game was also extremely intense, causing countless spectators to watch. However, there is always one injury to the masters. After nearly an hour of fierce competition, the TM team was still defeated. After that, the game went into the final very smoothly, and another exciting game came from the contest between two well-known teams in Changsha, LV and TBS. In the end, TBS defeated LV and CT in the final. The finals were also very intense. Finally, the 3 provincial finals were selected. They were the CT team, the TBS team and the LV team. The second day was the competition between StarCraft and Warcraft 3. In the first round of the StarCraft competition, they also qualified for a wonderful match and broke out. The sealed player from the STAR team met with the well-known domestic player JAYSTAR in the first round. As a result, after a fierce match, JAYSTAR unfortunately lost the game and went out early, which made the following game more suspenseful. In the other half, the Changsha master CSBANK went all the way to the final, while the second half continued to perform bravely and defeated ZK, another well-known Zerg player in Changsha, to enter the final. The game between CSBANK and Mosaic in the final was quite intense, but maybe because Mosaic spent too much energy in the previous battles, he lost the game in the final. The three qualifying places for the final StarCraft project are as follows: CSBANK archives ZK. In the Warcraft competition, the participation of former WE professional player tiger made the competition extremely fierce. The first round of strong dialogue occurred in him. The well-known player of Changsha STAR team, QIQI, met tiger in the first round. The competition between the two sides was very fierce. But in the tiebreaker of the third set, tiger showed his psychological quality and good adaptability as a former professional player, and turned over and entered the next round in a very weak situation. The other half of the exciting showdown came from the well-known UD player APM83 of the STAR team and an ORC dark horse player Ye Jun in Hunan. Changsha Division Champion. In the final, Ye Jun played exceptionally well, but after all, his opponent was a battle-hardened ex-professional player and could only be the runner-up. The final qualifying places for Warcraft 3 are as follows tiger Ye Jun apm83 In the two-day competition, the fierce competition of many star players finally came to an end. When players were still reminiscing about the previous games, the city sea of the PCGA2009 Pepsi Super Grand Prix Hunan Trials The election is coming to an end, and the last competition area, the Zhuzhou competition area, is about to start. The players who regretted leaving the game will have one last chance to return to the final stage. If you are not willing to fail, if you are also an e-sports enthusiast in Zhuzhou, then come quickly Last chance to register for PCGA2009. Registration website www.73774.org. The Pepsi Pro Esports League looks forward to your participation.