The e-sports world champion joins Youqu Network as the 78th sports recognized by the General Administration of Sports of China. Although e-sports has a bleak operation in China due to the lack of a mature industrial chain and profit model, it is positive in front of the society and the media. The representative of the image has a good reputation; and although online games are developing rapidly, the market size in 2009 even reached 25.8 billion yuan, but in the demonization of media public opinion and the accusations of professor-level figures, they are burdened with "electronic heroin". , "the source of Internet addiction" and a class of infamy. The "black and white" debate between e-sports and online games has been going on for a long time, and Qin Yuanda, a senior marketing planner of Youqu Network Company, which recently announced the acquisition of the Chinese agency rights of "The Oath", turned out to be the world champion of e-sports! Why did the e-sports world champion join Youqu Network, an online game company? In his eyes, what is the connection between e-sports and online games? The reporter interviewed the legendary figure who roamed between e-sports and online games. Qin Yuanda Archives Entry Items: Live Football (PES series) Teams used: Brazil, Manchester United Honors: 2003 Full Live Inaugural Cup National Live Football Competition Chongqing Champion 2004 Beitong Cup National Live Football Competition Chongqing Champion 2004 The 2v2 Champion of the Beitong Cup National Football Competition in 2004 The Champion of the 2004 Beitong Cup National Football Competition Team Champion of the Sichuan-Chongqing Competition in 2005 The Champion of the Chongqing District of the Peak Cup in 2005 2007 ESWC China Division Runner-up 2007 IEST China Division Champion 2007 China E-Sports National Team Trial Runner-up 2008 National E-Sports Championship Champion 2008 WGT Shanghai Division Champion 2008 WGT China Division Runner-up 2009 IEST China Division Champion Reporter: As a A world champion of e-sports, why did you enter the online game industry to work? Qin: Many people have indeed asked me this question. In fact, I have already entered the online game industry in 2008, and have been engaged in online game market planning in a domestic first-tier online game company. As for why I entered the online game circle, it is because as an e-sports player, while I deeply love Chinese e-sports, I also feel the biggest bottleneck of Chinese e-sports: the entire industry lacks a mature industrial chain and profit model. And this problem is precisely because the online game industry is doing very well, so I chose to enter the online game industry to learn the operation mode of online games, and hope to bring this mature operation mode back to the e-sports industry in the future. The development of e-sports is doing its part in a small way. Reporter: Why did you choose to join Youqu Network? Can you tell us about this company? Qin: Shanghai Youqu Network Technology Co., Ltd. was established in December 2007 by veterans of many industry-leading companies. At present, the company has independently developed the online game "Ghost Blowing Lamp" Online, and has also obtained the agency rights of "The Oath" (English name: AIKA), and is expected to launch "The Oath" in mainland China in the first quarter of 2010. 's first test. Youqu Network not only has a strong corporate background and lofty strategic goals, but also its corporate culture of "playing fun and interesting" is very attractive to me, because I think that whether it is e-sports or online games, it should ultimately bring ease to the majority of players. , fun and fun. In addition, the next-generation large-scale national warfare online game "Chuang Oath", which is represented by Youqu Network, is a very good game. The part of the thousand-player national warfare in the game is full of strong competitive elements, and I am also very willing to support "Chuang Oath". "Remember" planned some competitive and interesting market activities, so I chose to join Youqu Network, which is not only "good birds choose wood to live", but also "heroes see the same thing". Reporter: It seems that the game "Oath Creation" is one of the reasons that attracted you to join the game. Can you introduce this game to you? Qin: From the point of view of a senior gamer, "The Oath" is undoubtedly one of the best Korean online games I have ever seen, because the game not only has a thousand-player national warfare system that high-end players love, but also has female players. Our favorite "daughter raising" system. The features of the game, such as exquisite graphics, easy to use, low configuration requirements, and less than 400M client compression package, can allow more and wider players to experience the fun of the game with almost no threshold. This is a kind of Close to the player's "popular quality online game" strategy; from the point of view of an online game worker, "The Oath" is a very successful product. Because at the 2009 Korea Game Awards, "Oath Creation" won the most outstanding award "Premier's Award", and also won the "Best Popularity Award" and "Technical Creation Award" two honors, which can be described as full of stars. Moreover, "The Oath" has been successfully operated in South Korea, Japan, the United States and other countries as well as China's Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan regions. It has experienced the test of the market, and the version has become mature, and the operation can ensure a stable service for players. Reporter: I believe that players are most concerned about the Thousand People's National War system of "The Oath". As an e-sports player, what do you think of the Thousand People's National Warfare system in online games? Qin: Although many online games on the market now claim to have a Thousand People's National War system, but due to network delays and high configuration requirements, there are almost no online games that can truly realize the Thousand People's National War. And "The Oath" has been tested in Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan, and it has been confirmed that it can operate the Thousand People's National War System very well. This is mainly due to the fact that the game was designed to fully optimize the data exchange and bandwidth usage in the game during the war of thousands of people, so as to ensure the smoothness of the national war. The most important thing is that the thousand-player national war in "The Oath of Creation" can make every player involved feel the majestic and epic shock, the tension and excitement brought by a 1000VS1000 national war. , moving and a sense of honor, it is no less than an e-sports competition. Reporter: The thousand-person national war in "The Oath of Creation" is indeed very tempting. Can you tell us the details that need to be paid attention to during the national war? Qin: Actually, the thousand-person national war in "The Oath of Creation" is full of a lot of competitive elements, because in the national war of 1,000 VS 1,000 people, you can't just rely on ruthless attacks or just a few players to win. Players with high levels and equipment need most of a country's cohesion, teamwork and tactical strategies. As the saying goes, "Han Xin leads the troops, the more the better." How to lead 1,000 domestic players to victory in the national war in "The Oath of Creation" will be something every player needs to master. And we also plan to launch some large-scale national war games, so that both guild players and individual players can participate in them and fully enjoy the fun of the thousand-player national war. Reporter: I heard that you will continue to participate in e-sports competitions. Will this conflict with your work in the online game industry? Qin: Oh, of course there will be no conflict. Because I was a semi-retired player two years ago, my main focus is basically on work. Usually, I don’t have time to practice due to my busy work. I only go to participate in large-scale e-sports competitions. But because the basic skills have always been there, the game results after semi-retirement are actually not bad, which is something I didn't expect. So I will go to the competition without affecting my work. After all, the spirit of e-sports has been integrated into my life. Reporter: The debate between e-sports and online games has been going on for a long time. As a professional with dual identities of e-sports and online games, can you talk about e-sports and online games in your eyes? Qin: OK, I finally talked about this topic. E-sports and online games actually belong to the category of video games in a broad sense, but they are two different concepts. big difference. However, in the media reports in recent years, e-sports has become a positive teaching material, while online games have become a negative teaching material. I think this is unnecessary, because "electronic heroin" and "source of Internet addiction" are imposed on online games. The title is simply nonsense made by some experts and professors to make black money. In fact, playing e-sports too much will also become addictive and affect normal life; playing online games can embellish your life as long as you can control your time well. So the key to the problem is the quality of the players themselves, not the e-sports or online games themselves. At present, the sluggishness of the domestic e-sports industry is in stark contrast to the thriving online game industry, which further shows that the online game industry is more mature than e-sports. Of course, I am still very optimistic about the rejuvenation of the e-sports industry. I also hope that the e-sports industry can combine with the online game industry with a large audience to launch more excellent "e-sports online games", which may be the future of e-sports. development path. Reporter: Can you finally say something to the players? Qin: We Youqu Network will launch the first test of "The Oath of Creation" in the first quarter of this year. Players, please believe that this high-quality and low-threshold "popular boutique" online game will not disappoint you.