Hong Kong weekend box office roundup: Keanu-Reeves leads the Christmas season At the opening ceremony, this high-concept film "tailored" for the box office also won the opening and weekend box office championship without any suspense. However, compared with the win-win results of "Blog" and "I Am Legend" in the same period last year, "The Day the Earth Stood Still" was "outstanding", but the box office on Sunday was only 2.63 million in a single day. The Hong Kong dollar is only about 500,000 more than the 2.11 million on the premiere day on Thursday, and compared with the accumulated Hong Kong dollars of "The Name" and "I Am Legend" in the same period last year ("The Name" is 2.24 million Hong Kong dollars, "The Name" "I Am Legend" (2.04 million Hong Kong dollars) has shrunk by 40% - so, the top ten at the box office on Sunday this week has accumulated less than 3.5 million Hong Kong dollars, which is about 1 million less than the sum of the champion and runner-up in the same period last year. What's more, the third runner-up "Alvin and the Chipmunks" in the same period last year also made a box office of about 570,000 Hong Kong dollars. The victory of "The Day the Earth Stood Still" can be said to have been expected as early as expected, after all, it was already produced in the mode of a high-concept film when it was created. According to the book "Across a Century: Chinese Film in the Context of Globalization" edited by Yin Hong (blog), "High Concept Film is a stylized film production model typically represented by Hollywood in the United States. It is a film production method in which marketing guides creativity and the subsequent market operation. 'High Concept Film' is the most market-oriented and highly commercialized film category, and it is the whole process of production, production and market operation. Films that seek to maximize marketability have earned the reputation of being the 'Formula of America's Blockbusters' because of their commercial excellence." Specifically for "The Day the Earth Stood Still", this film starred Keanu Reeves, adapted from the classic version in 1951, and is the type of sci-fi film that has commercialized box office blockbusters in recent years. The traditional schedule has pushed the film's Hong Kong box office to the champion, and it has accumulated more than 10.5 million in four days of release, far higher than the "Vote for Name" and "I Am Legend" released in the same period last year, and is expected to be released by the end of this year. It broke through 20 million Hong Kong dollars and even entered the top ten of the annual box office. However, there is no direct correlation between the high box office figures and the film's reputation. The film critic Shi Qi wrote a relatively polite article, saying, "This time, Quirrell Reeves plays an alien. Fortunately, he has both flesh and blood and superpowers. He doesn't have to fly around and fight, and he can restrain human beings. Any force. Unfortunately, the plot of this film is far-fetched, and the aliens are influenced by human feelings, which is too simple. Quirrell Reeves is a little 'crippled' and has not recovered his spirits. The heroine Jennifer Connelly is not like a cutting-edge scientist. Children who take a lot of drama often lose their temper and are very unlovable. Director Scott Dellison's methods are not vivid enough, and the disaster stunts are quite serious, but they are not novel and exciting." There is no tear-jerking position to sacrifice oneself, and there is no self-reflection effect that makes humans really hate themselves, only the whole thing comes to no end, and it feels very unconvincing." However, the big Hollywood productions of such high-concept films, especially in the Hong Kong market, often do not have bad box office due to poor reputation. Moreover, many viewers watch the film as a pastime, rather than discussing the connotation behind the film. . Compared with the high box office of "The Day the Earth Stood Still", the comedy "Four Christmases" has become a dark horse in the North American market. It is only a mediocre work in the Hong Kong market, with a cumulative box office of 820,000 in four days. The Hong Kong dollar is expected to end up around HK$1.8 million, in stark contrast to its "high profile" in the North American market, which is about to top $100 million. In fact, there are quite a few Hollywood works like this that jumped out from the dark horse in the local market but did not become high-profile in the Hong Kong market, such as last year's "Big Belly" and so on. What's worse at the box office is Tsui Hark's new film "Women Are Not Bad", which broke the low record of 84,000 Hong Kong dollars of "Deep Sea Searching" in June this year with a score of 60,000 Hong Kong dollars on its premiere day. There are only 110,000 Hong Kong dollars, and the accumulation is 410,000 - about 40% less than the 680,000 accumulated in the four days of "Deep Sea Searching". It is almost impossible to complete the task of exceeding 1 million Hong Kong dollars at the box office. Only the newcomers laugh. Who heard the old ones cry, but in last weekend's box office results, it was obvious that the old ones laughed and the newcomers cried. "The Witness" still earned nearly 200,000 Hong Kong dollars at the box office on Sunday, and it will exceed 8 million Hong Kong dollars in a few days, becoming the tenth or eleventh box office of the annual Chinese film (depending on the box office performance of "Ip Man" released this week. ); "Cape No. 7" still achieved nearly 130,000 Hong Kong dollars under the pressure of "The Day the Earth Stood Still", and it is expected to end at about 7.6 million Hong Kong dollars; "Peerless Shuangjiao" and "I Don't Sell Myself, "I Sell My Womb" only had a Sunday box office of HK$50,000 and HK$20,000 respectively. I believe there is not much room for development. Judging from the box office fate of these recently released Chinese-language films, compared with the same period last year, there is still a lot of downturn. On the contrary, the two Hong Kong films previously released "Golden Plum" and "A Zombie Secretly Loves You" will be released this week. Released the Hong Kong three edition DVD. As for the new 007's "Quantum of Solace", it has already withdrawn from the box office list, accumulating nearly 19.06 million Hong Kong dollars, and it will probably end at around 19.15 million Hong Kong dollars, but cannot exceed 20 million. Hong Kong Weekend Box Office Rankings (December 14, 2008) Statement: Sina.com's exclusive article, please indicate the source for reprinting.