2009 Australian Skilled Immigration New Policy and Occupation List Analysis Affected by the global financial crisis, the Australian government adjusted the current immigration policy on December 17, 2008 in order to alleviate the impact and pressure brought by immigration to the local job market. A priority processing procedure has been introduced, and a Critical Skills List (ie, a priority list of occupations) has also been specially formulated. The new policy has been implemented since January 1, 2009, and this adjustment is only for the category of skilled immigrants. Mr. Hu Weihang, Secretary General of Beijing Private Entry and Exit Industry Association, President of Kunpeng International Business Consulting Co., Ltd., senior immigration and study abroad expert, believes that this priority processing procedure will affect most skilled immigration applicants, including those after January 1, 2009. New applications submitted as well as previously submitted applications that are currently pending. The priority processing process treats skilled migration applications within and outside Australia equally. Analyzing the new policy, we found that it merely adjusted the priority of the skilled immigrant application categories, without fundamentally modifying the current immigration regulations. That is to say, it only affects the application cycle of skilled immigrant applicants, not the immigration qualifications and scoring standards of applicants. And this new policy gives the state government greater autonomy to sponsor applicants for in-demand occupations, and can also sponsor 500 applicants for non-in-demand occupations. Employer sponsorship, state government sponsorship, and applicants whose occupations are on the CSL list can all enjoy priority processing, that is, the state government sponsorship categories in 176 and 475 will be processed faster, and only applicants whose occupations are on the CSL list in category 175 can enjoy priority. Processing; the Occupation in Demand List (MODL) remains unchanged for the time being, but will only be prioritized after the occupations on the CSL list have been processed. The detailed trial order is as follows: 1. Priority processing order for skilled immigrant applications (permanent visas): Employers sponsor state/territory sponsorships on the CSL list to process applications from other categories of in-demand occupations on the Occupational MODL list 2. Priority order of skilled immigration applications (temporary visas): State/territory sponsored relatives sponsored, and the applicant's occupation is in the CSL list of other categories of applications. The CSL list was first issued by the Australian Department of Immigration on December 17, 2008 , On March 16, 2009, Australia issued the latest CSL list (reduced 58 types of shortage occupations to 42 types of shortage occupations, deleted the priority occupation of skilled workers). Kunpeng experts believe that the occupations on the priority list of skilled immigrants in Australia are concentrated in the fields of construction, information technology, engineering and health care. It can be seen that all occupations on the CSL list are in short supply, and their visa approval cycle is guaranteed even without employer and state government guarantees. But the list, like MODL, is regularly updated based on research into the local job market and labour needs by the Australian Department of Education, Employment and Labour Relations Division of International Education (AEI). The immigration program is constantly changing and adjusting according to the needs of economic and social development, with the development and impact of economic and social relations, so if the nominated occupation is currently on this list, applicants should act as soon as possible to avoid missing out good opportunity.