Immigrating to Toronto: Helpless to choose the "astronaut" life Alan's experience is typical of the "astronaut" family. In 2004, she and her husband decided to immigrate to Toronto after long deliberation. Since her husband also has an infrastructure project business in Guangdong, they All have some mental preparation and realize that in the early days of immigration, they will face a period of temporary separation. After arriving in Toronto, under the care of friends, they bought a house and a car. Alan and his 6-year-old son settled in Toronto first, and her husband immediately returned to China to continue his business. He hoped that the family could be reunited as soon as the business was completed. So her husband flew to Toronto several times a year, and Alan also took his son back to his hometown for a walk during the Chinese New Year. If you choose an "astronaut" life for your family and children, do you feel that this "astronaut" life is very hard? Alan said frankly, "At first, I decided to do immigration under the persuasion of friends around me. In fact, when the immigration was completed, I considered whether I really had to leave. Maybe let my husband put down his domestic business and leave, and he should consider immigration for his family and children, so now this situation is helpless. But after I came here, I felt very comfortable with the life here, no psychological burden, and my husband was very happy. Don't worry, it's just a temporary transitional stage anyway, and it won't last long." But are you worried that the couple's long-term separation will have a crisis? Alan said with a smile, "Maybe you have seen this kind of news a lot, and there are indeed many temptations for men in China, and there are indeed men who are "mistresses" or divorce in China, but many of my friends around me are similar to me, and the relationship between husband and wife is similar. There's nothing wrong with it, you're unlikely to completely avoid the situation where men are playing in the domestic environment and making fun of flowers, but in the end, husbands and wives have come together through adversity and have children. It's such a simple thing, the more people's feelings can be experienced in separation." Li Jian immigrated to Canada in 2004 after completing his MBA in the United States. Last year, he found a high-paying position in a foreign-funded company in Shenzhen, so he had to leave Toronto temporarily. His wife and children returned to China to start a business. Mrs. Li was reluctant to separate from the couple, but she still said, "This is impossible, he is just at the age of rushing, and in a few years, he may not have the ability and energy to make such a breakthrough, and I can't think about it now. In the future, if he really has a future in China, it is entirely possible for the whole family to return.” Canada is a paradise for women and China is a paradise for men. In the Chinese business immigrant circle, many people experience or see friends for a short time. It is very interesting that many people in the interview have an "experience" that "Canada is a paradise for women, and China is a paradise for men", mainly because men are easy to start businesses in China, while wives immigrate Afterwards, they all fell in love with the easy and peaceful life in Canada. Zhao Lin still has business in China. Zhao Lin, who often travels between the two places, said that among his friends, his wives like to live in Canada after immigrating, and they live very comfortable lives. They usually bring one or two million Canadian dollars to settle down first. But think that people often fly around like this, they can't stand the jet lag, and they don't care about their age, so this kind of life is only short-term. Now the proportion of "astronauts" among business immigrants is roughly less than 10%. Mr. Ming was originally engaged in the communications industry in China. He became an immigrant in 2002, and it was not until 2004 that he really arrived. He said that Canada is indeed a paradise for women, and after immigrating, his wife said yes. Mr. Ming was separated from his wife for a period of time because of domestic business. Although there is no domestic nanny, relatives and friends to help here, it will be harder for the wife to take care of the children alone, but she still likes to live here. Later, Mr. Ming finally positioned his development direction in Canada, began to engage in the lens trading business, and his family settled in Toronto. Based on his own experience, he said, "Canada's entrepreneurial environment is better than China's, but you need to master its rules. The domestic business market is about eating, drinking, and having fun. Some people find it very comfortable and refreshing, but I'm not used to it, but I feel more comfortable in Canada. Adapt to." Regarding the family issues of "astronauts", Mr. Ming said that many things vary from person to person. Whether the "astronauts" will have mistresses in China is still very rare, and generally it will not have too much influence on the family. big impact. Because no one wanted to demolish the old house and build a new one, the couple had agreed to prepare before immigrating, and the consequences were all considered. Mr. Wang immigrated to Toronto last year as a corporate immigrant. It turned out that he and his wife were engaged in the paint business in Qingdao, and they considered immigrating for the future of their children, but they never gave up their domestic business. When he first immigrated, he stayed in China to take care of the business. Not long ago, he changed his wife to take over the business in China. It was always difficult for the couple to get together. Regarding the family's future arrangements, Mr. Wang said, "I don't care whether I immigrate or not, mainly because of the future of the children. It's unreasonable to fly around like this now, and it's hard to say how to arrange it in the future." Will the wife worry about her husband? When a person has emotional problems in China, Mr. Wang laughed and said, "Wives in China will be worried, let alone a man in China, which wife will be at ease? However, my wife and I have been co-founding a business for many years, and we have overcome difficulties together. Come over, even if we are separated for a period of time, there will never be any problems in our relationship, and everyone has the responsibility of being a family." "Spaceman" is a unique phenomenon in the immigrant society. In the reunion home, some people work hard in the local area, and some people are forced to return to the country to work hard. In the end, everyone works hard to find a home.