Joshpe: Public health insurance is just a futile effort There will be some negative impacts, and so will the public health insurance system. Here's an excerpt from the article: Advocates of health care reform stand firm on two points, albeit ironically because both are wrong, but that's not surprising. For one, advocates argue that "public health insurance" is designed only to provide competition for consumers, who are a necessary force in reducing costs in a market dominated by large private insurers. Despite President Obama's repeated reiteration, "public health care" was not designed to weed out private market players. Second, MPs pushing for expanded health insurance claim it is necessary to keep costs down. In my opinion, in addition to thinking about the possible impact of "public health insurance" and the cost of government intervention, there is a similar issue that deserves our attention, and that is the American car companies. Of the Big Three U.S. auto companies—Chrysler, General Motors and Ford—only Ford did not receive a government bailout during the economic crisis. Chrysler and GM have said that filing for bankruptcy would be disastrous and claim they have new plans to keep the company alive. But it turned out that government aid did not ultimately prevent these companies from going bankrupt. To date, the Treasury Department has injected $13.5 billion into Chrysler, $52.9 billion and $12.5 billion in GM and GM Financial Services, respectively, and is estimated to have an additional $2 billion in the near future. General Motors Financial Services. Some policymakers are trying to explain to the public in some fanciful way that the money is not disappearing but a special form of investment, like a reform of the health care system. So what does this investment bring today? According to a recent study of the National Taxpayers Union by Thomas D. Hopkins, an economics professor at the Rochester Institute of Technology, $78.9 billion in aid to GM and Chrysler , which amounts to $12,200 for each GM sold after the bailout and $7,600 for each Chrysler. The good news is that GM has begun planning to repay the government's $6.7 billion bailout loan. The Wall Street Journal reported that GM plans to use other government funds to repay the previous bailout loan, which is as if you were using your credit card to pay your courier bills, and the overall debt situation has not changed. And in terms of fairness to U.S. taxpayers who own an investment, and government officials say they expect a return on that investment, what GM can do now is make it a $67 billion market cap, but that number is even in GM The stock price peak was also not reached. So taxpayers who are GM shareholders shouldn't expect any short-term returns. In addition, government intervention has also affected market competition, making some companies operate under relatively loose market conditions. For example, Ford Motor Co., the only company that didn't receive the bailout, has seen its stock surge from $2.30 a share on Jan. 2, 2009, to a recent $9 a share. Ford is profiting from the failure of its competitors, is that so? I'm afraid not so fast. The cost of capital is an important metric for evaluating a business' operating costs and future prospects, and Ford's cost of capital is much higher than its competitors. The cost of capital can also reflect how government-sponsored businesses, such as Freddie Mac and Fannie Mae, have grown and risked swaying the financial system. The federal government's indirect support for Fannie Mae Freddie Mac's corporate debt has made it easier and more affordable for them to obtain loans than their competitors. Now, the same thing is happening in the automotive industry. Research by the Taxpayers Union sheds light on another problem. GM Financial Services' non-FDIC-guaranteed three-year bond yields 8.8%, however, the FDIC-guaranteed bond yields just 1.75%. The federal government recently provided about $7.5 billion in bond guarantees for GM Financial Services, which equates to a $500 million difference in annual borrowing costs. "In the 1990s and early 2000s, there were many voices alerting Congress to these GSB issues, but those warnings were ignored," said Pete Sepp, vice-president of the Taxpayers Union. "Now, the auto industry This danger has resurfaced in the field. If lawmakers do the same with the health care bill, we may well be in for a third strike.” Private insurers may not only bear the higher cost of capital, And they may face stricter legal and market conditions. Maximizing profits for shareholders is an obligation of public insurers, but not public insurers. A public insurer funded by the government can operate on razor-thin margins. Nonetheless, proponents of health care reform believe that the implementation of "public health care" will benefit ordinary people by reducing economic costs and increasing competition in general, like the government's bailout of auto companies. Sadly, the opposite is true. They will only raise costs to compete with private companies, gradually driving them out of the market and creating a government monopoly. It is even possible that it will eventually become a buyer monopoly. (Li Jing)