Arenas has been waiting for a long time to come out and make his season debut in New York. Sina Sports News Beijing time on November 6th, according to the Associated Press, the Wizards have already posted on the team's Weibo (http://t.sina.sina.com). com.cn) announced that Gilbert Arenas will play in Saturday's away game against the Knicks. Although coach Philip Saunders said before the team's earlier practice that he would not make a final decision until before the game, the team's Weibo has announced: "The latest news from New York, Arenas tonight will be Will play." Sanders' original intention was to check Arenas' condition one last time through training, and how his body responded for a period of time after training. Arenas returned to practice Thursday after missing the team's first three regular season games with a right ankle injury. The gun incident on January 5 this year resulted in Arenas being suspended for 50 games. Since then, he has not appeared in an official game. The game against the Knicks will be his debut of the new season. (Wolfman) Sina Sports News Beijing November 6 news, according to the Associated Press, the Wizards have announced on the team's Weibo (http://t.sina.com.cn), Gilbert - Arena Stacey will play in Saturday's game against the Knicks. Although coach Philip Saunders said before the team's earlier practice that he would not make a final decision until before the game, the team's Weibo has announced: "The latest news from New York, Arenas tonight will be Will play." Sanders' original intention was to check Arenas' condition one last time through training, and how his body responded for a period of time after training. Arenas returned to practice Thursday after missing the team's first three regular season games with a right ankle injury. The gun incident on January 5 this year resulted in Arenas being suspended for 50 games. Since then, he has not appeared in an official game. The game against the Knicks will be his debut of the new season. (Wolfman)