Ministry of Education: Studying abroad under the background of the financial crisis should not blindly target the news of the closure of two private schools in Singapore due to insufficient student resources. The Ministry of Education issued an early warning for studying abroad on the 15th, reminding those who study abroad at their own expense to remain rational in the context of the financial crisis, and the quality of choice is guaranteed. At least a school with basic stability in running a school. The relevant person in charge of the Ministry of Education pointed out that since the financial crisis, some foreign schools have become more enthusiastic about recruiting international students in order to cope with the economic difficulties. Government departments in some countries have also adopted more relaxed and flexible policies for studying abroad. Coupled with factors such as exchange rate changes, there are indeed some favorable factors for studying abroad in the current self-funded study abroad activities. However, the person in charge stressed that those who study abroad at their own expense must pay attention to some issues. First, in response to the economic difficulties brought about by the financial crisis, foreign institutions of higher learning may significantly increase tuition fees, which will allow the money saved due to the exchange rate to eventually be used to pay for the increased tuition fees. In the fall of 2008, the average tuition increase of four-year public universities in the United States was 6.4%, which was higher than the average tuition increase in previous years. British higher education institutions are also planning to raise tuition fees. The second is the unemployment factor caused by the financial crisis, which makes many people abroad choose to go back to school to "recharge", which will reduce the quota for some foreign schools to recruit overseas students, and the opportunities for overseas students to further study in the local area, as well as work and employment will be significantly reduced. Third, due to the financial crisis, the grant of scholarships will be reduced. It is understood that, according to the information previously released by the Singapore Consumers Association, from October 3, 2008 to January 30, 2009, another 16 private schools withdrew from the Singapore "Consumers Association Guarantee Mark Education Certification Program". According to the regulations of the Singapore government, once a school has given up its eligibility to participate in the program, it can no longer enroll international students. "Study abroad must comprehensively plan and consider the overall situation abroad, one's own ability, family economic conditions and employment prospects, and should not blindly follow the trend," said the person in charge. In response to the situation that the interests of Chinese students studying abroad have been damaged due to the bankruptcy and closure of foreign schools for a period of time, the Ministry of Education has issued early warnings for studying abroad through the Ministry of Education Education Foreign-related Supervision Information Network (www.jsj.edu.cn) for many times. In three batches, the list of nearly 15,000 schools in 33 countries, including some higher education institutions in Singapore, that are relatively reliable in running schools was announced to the society. The Ministry of Education recommends that students studying abroad give priority to the schools on the published list when choosing a school for studying abroad. (Reporter: Wu Jing and Li Ying)