Without the emperor's rival confrontation! The Cleveland Wizards face a new future with a wry smile. In today's game, the Washington Wizards lost to the Cleveland Cavaliers 102-107. After LeBron James left, this was the first meeting between the two teams. Back then, the Wizards and the Cavaliers fought fiercely. From the civil war to the off-court, the two sides had a big fight, and the war even burned into the pop rap world. The rap kings in the relatives and friends of the two sides also scolded each other in the air. This is a rare scene on the NBA arena. The domineering of the little emperor, the tragic grief of Gilbert Arenas, and these extra-disc moves added a legendary color to their grievances. However, with the Cavaliers winning the regular season championship, the Wizards' troubles seemed to be reluctant. The gun-drawing incident was the last straw. After that, Antoine Jamison was sent to the Cavaliers, and his good brother Caron Butler even sent a text message to James, told him to take good care of Jamison. Although Arenas still deliberately chose not to show signs of James when choosing the new jersey number, but the two teams are different from each other, and it has long been impossible to talk about grievances. In this game, the two teams were completely in a melee, and the Cavaliers did not have the absolute strength to win the game. It can be seen that the current situation of the two teams is similar. Although the Cavaliers' camels are bigger than horses, many experts are still optimistic that they will enter the playoffs, but they have won two and three losses before, especially losing to the Clippers and Kings, which makes people feel that their prospects are bleak. In this meeting, the only topical figure Jamison failed to play, and the injury of the All-Star inside commander cast a shadow over the Cavaliers. Entering the league for four years, every new team of Yi Jianlian is a youth army, and it has just begun to rebuild. The new team has a lot of problems to solve, and when they have a little accumulation, Yi Jianlian has been sent away for other reasons, which directly leads to the instability of Yi Jianlian's performance. The new owner, the Wizards, had a false prosperity during the Trident period, but they finally looked good. After the supermarkets were sold out last season, even the team leader Arenas had to be led by newcomer John Wall. Buying and selling, the team atmosphere can be described as a new look. This is a new beginning for both parties, Yi Jianlian should seize this opportunity and stop wandering. (Chun Shui Fangsheng)