Pearl River Moore International Center holds business to ensure rapid value-added in the region (picture) Moderator: Finally, I would like to ask you to talk about the Moore project in vain, and finally ask all the guests to comment on this project. Wang Qian: Thank you very much for giving us such a wonderful analysis of the future trend of commercial real estate and the trend of policies, everyone's opinions, a large-scale commercial complex must have the support of the market, the support of the region, and the support of the government , and have more experienced and powerful developers to do business complexes to ensure the healthy and sustainable development of the complexes. Pearl River Group began to engage in real estate development in 1992. We began to invest heavily in commercial real estate construction in 2005, especially when you saw that our Pearl River Moore International Center has a 151,000-square-meter AEON International Mall, which has been in operation for about two years now. Now everyone can see that there are usually thousands of parking spaces that can’t be parked. Many people think that the surrounding area is not prosperous. Why are shopping malls so popular that they have to queue up even for a meal. The first is that Aeon International Mall is also a big brand in Japan, including the outlet we will build in the future, as well as the shopping mall of 100,000 square meters. We must achieve the seven-star standard. At present, what is the seven-star standard, it will be more perfect than the five-star hotel hardware facilities, and the service will be more perfect. There is a lack of big shopping malls, big bar cities, and big stores in Beicheng. Our biggest advantage as a hypermarket, so many hypermarkets are all owned by developers. Several experts have also said just now that the most terrifying thing about a hypermarket is to split it up for sale. The trade market is very chaotic and cannot form a joint force. We are all owned by Zhujiang Real Estate. We have leased our Outlets for more than 15 years, including the one we negotiated with IKEA. They want to buy it, but we are determined not to sell it and want to rent it. In order to support the development of developers in the long term, it is necessary to hold properties to ensure the long-term development of developers. Otherwise, there will be nothing to build a building and sell a building to the developer. We have so many commercial holdings, we can ensure the rapid appreciation of this area and long-term appreciation, because I can control the business format and manage this area well, so as to ensure that we have a good space for property appreciation and an overall upward growth. situation, especially traffic. We still have about a month to open the real estate, and now it is in trial operation. The platform is directly grafted to Outlets through the sky, bringing a very convenient transportation environment for our customer group. If there is no traffic diversion in the hypermarket, it will be very chaotic. Now the biggest problem of many large supermarkets in Beijing is the traffic problem. We will have 8,000 above-ground and underground parking spaces in Aeon and Outlets in the future, and 1,000 in the subway. First of all, from the aspect of traffic, the dredging is very orderly. In terms of shopping environment, many customers can come by subway. The traffic jams in Beijing are very early now. From the Mid-Autumn Festival to the present, there are heavy traffic jams every day. This morning, a truck on the East Fifth Ring Road broke down, causing massive traffic jams. The media predicts that by the end of next year, the number of motor vehicles in Beijing will exceed 7 million. In the future, the value-added potential of rail transit projects will be very large. We sincerely invite our customers here. When others are watching commercial real estate, you must quickly take action. Many people think that commercial real estate has begun to rise, and it is too late to buy it. I also give a message to all my friends. I know it is hard to buy, and I regret that there is no special medicine. I hope that the great views of all the experts today can bring benefits to each of our friends, bring benefits to your thoughts, and bring more value to your assets. Thanks! Wang Yongping: Speaking of Beijing's traffic problems, if Beijing's traffic is not solved, it will affect the quality of life of many people in Beijing, and it will affect the urban value of Beijing as a whole. How to solve the traffic? In addition to the number limit and the congestion charge, this is not the fundamental solution to the problem. I think it seems that it is more feasible to reduce the unnecessary flow of people. For example, there is a feasible solution here. We should gradually disperse commercial and business centers and build multiple centers. Think about the Pearl River. There are businesses, hotels, and such a large residential area nearby. These people may reduce their mobility. In addition, future employment may also create new opportunities. This is a very important aspect for big cities to solve traffic pressure. Can increase the value of the entire city. This project is of great significance and provides an attempt to develop a multi-center in a big city. Shuipi: Just now, Mr. Wang introduced a very important point, that is, whether there is someone leading the management of commercial investment projects. This is very important. There are also some commercial real estate in Beijing. Power outages, and of course property values plummet. For friends who invest in commercial real estate, a relatively simple criterion is that you should look for a transformed real estate operator in China, not a real estate developer, which is the type introduced by President Wang. to operate. Real estate operators are a concept that has just emerged in China and are mainly tied to urban complexes. In addition, I didn't know if he was a real estate operator at the beginning. After confirming this premise, the second section is a sugar daddy. If you make an investment, if you don't understand the business prospects of this market, you will be a sugar daddy and cause cancer. , if there is a risk they are taking the biggest risk, so sugar daddy is doable. Wang Qian: I personally look at several directions for investment. The first is the maturity of the surrounding area. If it is too mature, you will have a higher risk of buying. If you are immature, Ye Xianda will be valuable. There is a time to mature. The second question, when I invest, I will look at the traffic in this place. This is very important. Everyone has mentioned this, so I won't say much about it. The third is to look at your own needs. The product is not suitable for everyone, and whether it is suitable for you. The total investment amount and the investment income you want to get in the future depends on a cost-effective problem. These three Once you solve the problem, there will be no problem with investing. Chen Jun: To quote a sentence from "Beijing People in New York", if I love you, please invest in commercial real estate, because the profit of commercial real estate is too high, if I hate you, please invest in commercial real estate, because commercial real estate risks Also too high. Moderator: Thank you, this is the end of today's forum. I would like to comment on property navigation: