99 Long-lasting Love Sets This Life Large-scale Wedding Room Series Activities Launch Ceremony Jointly sponsored by the most influential media such as Jiayuan, Sina Women, Bride Magazine (Beijing Edition), Boutique Shopping Guide, etc., from mid-June to November 2009, covering from making friends, marriage proposals, wedding dresses, weddings, honeymoons to purchasing weddings Fang is a life-long event, which is the wedding event with the widest audience coverage, the highest target audience reach rate, the longest promotion time and the most influential wedding event this year. And each link has exclusive and substantial preferential policies, and provides generous gifts in each link in 2009, the most popular activity of netizens. Time: 11:00 am on June 25, 2009 Venue: Sina Booth of Beijing Summer Housing Exhibition Guest: Xiao Changhong, Secretary General of China Wedding Expo Li Jiangyan, Director of BD of Century Jiayuan, Li Jiangyan, Manager of Public Relations Department of Beijing Guohua Real Estate Co., Ltd. Director Du Shuo K2 Haitang Bay Sales Manager Wang Hongyu Lianda Sifang Brokerage General Manager Yang Shaofeng Sina Leju Editor-in-Chief Yang Xi Moderator: Sina Leju Key Account Director Xing Xiaoli Interview Record Moderator: Good morning to all the friends at the scene and Sina netizens, welcome to the theme exhibition area of Sina Leju Summer Housing Exhibition, and pay attention to our theme event today: 99 Long-lasting Love in this Life Sina Leju Wedding Room Event, also Our Sina Leju has a series of large-scale wedding activities that last for four to five months. This activity is a series of wedding activities in 2009, from our young people making friends to marriage and wedding rooms. Today we invited the leaders of Sina Leju. , The representative of the developers of the most recommended marriage houses, I will introduce them to you one by one: on my left, this is Yang Xi, the editor-in-chief of Sina Leju, and the next is Jingzhou Shijia (forum photo album apartment type model room map Search) Yang Shaofeng. Next to him is Xiao Changhong, Deputy Secretary-General of China Wedding Expo, next to him is Zhao Jia, Manager of Public Relations Department of Beijing Guohua Real Estate Co., Ltd., next to him is Mr. Du Shuo, Chief Planning Officer of Siyuan, and next to him is K2 Haitang Bay Sales Manager Wang Hongyu, after the introduction of our guests, I will hand over the microphone to Yang Xi and ask him to introduce the definition of this event. Yang Xi: Hello, distinguished guests and friends at the scene, I would like to introduce to you the 99 Jiu Jiu Qing Ding this life event hosted by Sina Leju. We have integrated Sina's most powerful resources in weddings, such as Sina Women's Channel, Brides, Parenting Channels and other related resources, and we will gather the power of Sina.com to vigorously report on this event. At the same time, we invited Wedding Expo, Jiayuan of the Century and other best platform units with resources in wedding celebrations to promote our 99 long-lasting love event, and also integrated the most powerful media in the wedding field in cooperation with external media, such as boutique shopping Guides, bridal magazines, etc., this event will get the attention of many newlyweds. On the other hand, the most important thing is to bring benefits to newly married netizens who want to buy a house. We have also organized a large number of projects suitable for young people, especially as marriage houses, especially the current advantageous projects in the Beijing market to participate in our activities. At present, more than 50 developers have expressed very strong interest in this event, including China Central Place, K2 Haitang Bay and the newly launched Jingzhou Family Project. They are all very concerned in the market, and netizens have signed up to participate. online group buying items. We Sina have integrated these resources, and we also hope to obtain more benefits for netizens. We can guarantee that if we participate in the wedding activities organized by Sina Leju, more developers will support us and bring more benefits to netizens. Exclusive and affordable, we hope that with the participation of relevant cooperative agencies and developers, we can make this event better and provide buyers with the best and most affordable wedding rooms. Thank you! Moderator: What Yang Xi said is very good, but it is actually very comprehensive. We used to say that we only used the wedding room, and now it is for all young people. The post-80s generation, the headline of our Sina event yesterday was that the post-80s girls were in love. On the topic of housing, whether to give up your love for the house, everyone is facing such a problem, especially in cities like Beijing, where housing prices are too high, our activities today are mainly to serve netizens, because we are very professional in housing , I'm not very professional in marriage, so we joined the Sina Women's Channel and the Wedding Expo. I'll ask Secretary-General Xiao to introduce some matters about the upcoming marriage. In the room, we at Sina have the ability to integrate our developers. Will give Sina exclusive discount. Next, hand over the microphone to our Secretary-General Xiao, because Secretary-General Xiao is a guest today and wants to introduce our wedding expo, which is of great concern to everyone at present. Please introduce the relevant situation. Xiao Changhong: Hello everyone, netizens, I am very happy to have time to be a guest at Sina Leju to participate in this 99 Long-lasting Love event. China Wedding Expo can be said to be the largest exhibition in the world at present. It is one of 100 exhibitions in the country supported by the Ministry of Commerce. It is a large-scale exhibition led by the Ministry of Civil Affairs. This exhibition has been held for 11 sessions in Beijing and 6 sessions in Shanghai. Its role is to provide a one-stop shopping consultation platform for newlyweds who are preparing to get married in the host city every year. We all know that 120,000 people get married in Beijing every year, and this year may exceed 140,000. This huge number of marriage personnel, their marriage Demand has formed a huge industrial chain, including the decoration of new houses and new houses, including wedding photography, diamond rings, wedding banquets, etc. The annual consumption of newlyweds in Beijing, excluding houses and cars, is a big "cake". With the holding of the wedding expo, we have brought some consumption concepts and new models of marriage from South Korea, France and Japan to China, which has also greatly stimulated the consumption concepts of some newly married people in Beijing and Shanghai. great effect. This time, there is a lot of demand for newlyweds. The house is the biggest commodity in their marriage, and it is also the most concerned commodity. In the first ten sessions, we have also cooperated with some corresponding institutions and companies, such as in the new house. There are also some real estates, including Hopson and Coastal Silo City. We are very happy to cooperate with Sina Leju this time. We are more about providing the most complete information about marriage houses to consumers who are ready to buy new houses. Everyone is also very sensitive to this price. Every year, the exhibition has information on various houses. This year, we gathered together. We hope this is our first full cooperation. Beijing, including the exhibitions in Shanghai, and Chongqing, provide you with information about the local suitable wedding rooms in the host city, and hope to form certain discounts for you, thank you. Moderator: Thank you Secretary-General Xiao, in fact, getting married is a very important event in our life. Buying a house is also a dream we spend all our life pursuing. Today we saw a booth with wedding dresses, and we didn’t even enter the wedding fair before. This time, with the help of the bridge of Sina Leju, the developer and the house are involved in the wedding fair, and the house is also handled. Next, let everyone listen to it a bit more interesting. Today, I look at the representatives of the four projects on the stage. Why did we choose these four projects? We also think that these four projects are more suitable for wedding rooms, but there may be different levels. , For example, those with money and those without money, like the Beipiao family, choose suburbs, Yanjiao, etc. Different people have different choices. Today, there are four representatives of developers. Can you tell us how our products are? So, do we have any exclusive discounts for Sina netizens, and also introduce which level of people our projects are suitable for, and how much their savings can afford to buy our house. Mr. Yang brought a project that is very popular, and our netizens really want some unique situations of this project. Yang Shaofeng: I think for all consumers, the most important thing is the quality of the project, the location, the most important thing is the price, our project Jingzhou Shijia is located in Liyuan Town, Tongzhou. The biggest selling point is the 45 houses in the first phase, which are only open to Sina Leju customers, and our project has been designed to be the most cost-effective project from the very beginning. The entry price starts from 6667 yuan. , This price is the starting price for netizens of Sina Leju, which is very low. It should be said that in the Tongzhou area, our average price is the lowest; second, because our project is a slab building with 7-11 floors, some The room rate is above 82%, our two-bedroom area is about 80-90 square meters, and the total price is between 600,000 and 700,000. For first-time buyers, the down payment is only about 120,000. ;Thirdly, our project is not only the state of the existing house, our façade including other coordination has been perfected, and the landscape of the entire community garden has been completed. When we buy a house, we can avoid some delays in delivery due to the financial crisis. If I come here, I can immediately know what the house I want is like; Fourth, the house of Jingzhou family is close to the 316 and 619 bus terminals. For us office workers, the most fearful are two times, one is for work Time, one is the time to get off work. Everyone knows that it is more uncomfortable for girls to squeeze in and squeeze out. Especially in summer, our project is next to the starting point of two buses. Be a little more diligent. I want to walk a few steps. There is a place to sit on the road, which is a very important point for commuters; fifth, if our project is for self-driving customers, we are next to the Taihu exit of Tongzhou District, about three to five minutes. The most important thing is that we are still the overall cost-effective for every home buyer, so the slogan of our project is to make this project with the highest cost-effectiveness in Tongzhou District. Our standard customers may be those who are willing to invest in their own lives. , we are the most cost-effective project for our young white-collar workers. i want to comment