North American Box Office Roundup: "Superman for All" Smith's Ascension to the Throne (with photos) As a person whose fate has been changed by the college entrance examination that "has been moved to June forever", let's commemorate it first; at the same time, we will cherish the memory of the martyrs who sacrificed their lives for the country during the "July 7 Incident" and even the whole process of saving the nation from the Anti-Japanese War Bar. The historical significance of this July 7, which had a profound impact on the Chinese people on two levels, is rushing away with the long river of history. Don't forget to look back when you have time. So let's get to the point. The "Independence Day" schedule of "Independence Day", which has become the second largest box office in the history of disaster films (the first is the more familiar "Titanic"), ushered in this week because of starring in "Independence Day". Will Smith's latest sci-fi romantic entertainment hit "Hancock", a showy figure of $66 million ($107 million from midnight on Tuesday night Wednesday morning to Sunday night!) no doubt It further consolidated the iron-clad country of His Majesty the "Historical Emperor". Directly teach my generation to be speechless and indescribable in admiration, ... no way, you are a legend! Although the single-handed "Superman" failed to bring the kind of traction last weekend when the two heroes competed, it still injected considerable prosperity into the movie market. The top 12 total of nearly 159 million US dollars is basically the same as the market data when "Spider-Man 2" opened here in 2004, although it is not as good as "Pirates of the Caribbean 2: Gathering Soul" and "Transformers 1" in the previous two years. The results are brilliant, but it still ranks third in the same period in film history. Not only that, in "National Superman", "Robot Wall-E" (I'm sorry to be forced to change to this translation name...; What's more regrettable is that even if this is changed, there is still little hope of introduction, woo...), " Driven by the top three "Most Wanted", the total annual box office up to now is 4.96 billion US dollars, which is still higher than that in 2004 and 2007, and maintains the fastest gold-grabbing speed in history. The "2008 Summer Box Office Prediction" topic is coming to the tenth issue this week. Forgive me for the "Skip" section this week. The situation next weekend is too unpredictable - "Hellboy II: The Golden Army" (Hellboy II: The Golden Army) , "Journey to the Center of the Earth" (Journey to the Center of the Earth), "Meet Dave" (Meet Dave), who is expected to turn out and be the champion? Or all fall at the feet of "National Superman"? "2009 Oscar Front" is in its twentieth round, and I will share with you various items including "Batman 6: The Dark Knight's internal preview was ravely praised, even with Heath Ledger's ghostly acting skills." New gossip (the 23rd issue of the year). With an average of about $16,650 for a single venue, the new champion of the new division, "Superman", grabbed $66 million in 3,965 cinemas, not far from the industry's expected $70 million. At the same time, including the $6.84 million at midnight on Tuesday night and Wednesday in the early morning (North America is used to assigning midnight scenes to the previous day for statistics), the film earned $107 million in five days of release—even if it is only $107 million according to American habits Counting from Wednesday morning, the five-day opening figure of $100 million still ranks 24th in film history, basically on par with "War of the Worlds." The huge scale of 3,965 theaters is the third-largest new film landing scope within Sony Pictures after the last two "Spider-Man" companies (19th in the history of film premieres and 21st in the scale of comprehensive release in film history) , his ambition to win is evident. And the speed of breaking through 100 million in 5 days (not counting the fraction of the midnight show) is enough to reassure Sony, who spent $150 million (say $200 million) to create the film - as we all know, North America Movies that pass the $100 million barrier within 6 days of release will be guaranteed a lifetime membership card of the "$200 million club". Then, simply "data flow" will cost $66 million over three days over the weekend: second only to "I Am Legend", ranking second in the history of the premiere of "Works starring Will Smith"; second only to "Raiders of the Lost Ark 4" : Kingdom of the Crystal Skull", "Iron Man 1", ranked third in this year's premiere; second only to "Spider-Man 2" and "Transformers 1", ranking third in the history of "Independence Day" premieres in film history It is inferior to the three "Spider-Man", the last two "X-Men", "Iron Man 1", "The Incredibles", and ranks the 8th in the history of "superhero movies" premiered; inferior to "Pirates of the Caribbean" 2: Coffin of Souls, Spider-Man 2, Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix, The Simpsons, Impossible 3, Transformers 1, Battle for the Planet of the Apes. The 8th in the history of the premiere of the works in July; the 29th in the history of the premiere of the film in the history of summer, and the 38th in the history of the premiere of the film; In addition, the first day of Wednesday's premiere was $17.39 million (ignoring Tuesday night) The revenue of Wednesday's early morning screenings) ranks 14th on Wednesday's premiere day in film history, less than $20,000 from "Independence Day" 12 years ago. ... Although many old friends who commented on the North American box office have long been familiar with the concept of "Independence Day", I still have to say a word here. The weekend around July 4 (generally speaking, if the 4th of the year is not on Monday or Tuesday, the following weekend is often used) is the first weekend of May (a feng shui treasure that is rapidly generated after entering the new century). ), "Remembrance Day" (the weekend before the last Monday in May), and the three major springs in the summer vacation, which have been battled by military strategists since ancient times, just like Jingzhou of the Three Kingdoms. Not only that, for Will Smith, there are not only the "Fengchan Ceremony" officially promoted to the box office superstar due to "Independence Day", but also the sweet honeymoon of "Men in Black 1" and the small farewell of "Men in Black 2". Winning the Newlyweds (any movie she has participated in since then, has broken through the $100 million mark at the North American box office without a hitch). Now, Will Smith, who is not limited to the type of subject matter and is not limited to the best-selling series, has become a Hollywood box office appealing force, and the American people who never leave him are like a golden marriage, with no regrets and no regrets. Differently cheered (and killed "Dragon Knight" and "Golden Compass"...). I am afraid that for a long period of time in the future, as long as Wei Ge is willing to be on the "screen home" to save relatives, it is impossible for fans to not be honored. For the sake of a movie star and the audience, it's the pinnacle, isn't it? ...if that's not love, I don't know what is. What is more commendable is that with the momentum of the holiday, "Superman for All" achieved an increase of about 39% on Saturday compared to Friday. Although this kind of sales curve is normal if you consider the opening of Friday, July 4th this year, compared with several sci-fi masterpieces "Men in Black 2", "I, Robot" and "I Am Legend" starring Smith since the beginning of this century The record of "Friday<Saturday>Sunday" is a good omen. Combining the average second-week declines of 52.7% for "Terminator 3", "Spider-Man 2", "War of the Worlds", "Superman Returns", and "Transformers 1" that ruled Independence Day in the previous five years, can "Superman for All" How about ignoring bad public opinion ratings and reducing the victimization to a minimum next week? Let's look at last week's champion "Robot Wall-E". Although the 47% drop is not high, it is still slightly "excessive" compared to the 40% to 45% expected by all parties. The weekend income was $33.42 million, and the total output value so far was $128 million. The speed of making money in Pixar's previous works is second only to "Finding Nemo" and "The Incredibles", and higher than "Monster Company" and "Cars". The same period of the second weekend is of course higher than the $117 million of this summer's competitor "Kung Fu Panda" in the same period. But this does not prevent "Panda" from ending the strange circle of DreamWorks since its establishment in 1994, "Only the "Shrek" series has exceeded $200 million in animation, becoming the fourth DreamWorks franchise after the three "Shrek" movies. The $200 million CG cartoon has even left behind its predecessor "Madagascar 1" whose sequel is scheduled to be released at the end of this year. No wonder the production of "Kung Fu Panda 2" was immediately put on the agenda, congratulations! Fans must be very excited, right? *^>^* It's strange why Pixar didn't put "Monsters, Inc." (Best Song Award, Best Animated Feature Film of that year), which must have exceeded $200 million at the North American box office since the new century. Is it "Shrek 1"), "Finding Nemo" (Best Animated Feature Film Award), "The Incredibles" (Best Animated Feature Film Award) into a series? On the contrary, "Cars 2" came first - although "Cars 1" also has a magnificent record of 245 million US dollars in the local area, but the film is undoubtedly the most controversial work of Pixar since its establishment in 1986. Confused…. Speaking of this, I suddenly remembered that many readers and friends like to ponder the duel between "Wall-E" and "Panda", so let's pile up the data, so that everyone can watch the two of them and have a good time. The figures as of this weekend are: The 10-day gross of "Wall-E" was $128 million, and "Panda" was $117 million; the first weekend box office of "Wall-E" was $63.09 million, and "Panda" was $60.24 million; The second weekend box office of "Panda" was $33.61 million, and "Wall-E" was about $33.42 million; "Panda" dropped 44.2% in the second week, and "Wali" was about 47%; The single-day data of Wuhe Day is higher than that of "Wall-E"; The one-day increase of "Wall-E" was 11.6%, and "WALL-E" was -4.5%; "WALL-E" on the next Saturday's one-day increase was 50.5%, "Panda" was 29.8%; "Panda" had 4,114 theaters in the first week. , 4136 theaters in the next week, "WALL-E" has always had 3992 theaters; "WALL-E"'s first weekend "per mu yield" averaged 15,800$ per theater, "Panda" was 14,640$; On the weekend, the "per mu's yield" was 8370$, and "Panda" was 8130$; ...... On the contrary, the accidental block of "Wanted" by "Wall-E" surpassed the final box office of "Cars Story" and "Toy Story 2" (these two films 's North American average of $245 million) creates serious hurdles that cannot be ignored. Although "Wanted" plummeted 59.5% this weekend, Universal should still be happy. The data of $90.78 million so far is not only more than $75 million in production costs, but also more than last year's "Ratatouille" at Pixar (finally 2.06 $84.42 million in the same period of "Die Hard 4", which garnered $135 million under my nose, is even more impressive, and the money is boundless. Also worth mentioning: Warner Bros.' "The Confused Detective" is about to break the $100 million mark, and it's finally worth Steve Carrell and Anne Hathaway's series of publicity from the Oscars to the MTV Awards; In contrast, "John the Barber" has worked a lot, and it is only 94.78 million US dollars now, but I believe that Sony will definitely delay in order to help Adam Sandler stick to the standard of "100 million US dollars in local comedy". The ones who go offline after they have passed; "The Amazing Hulk" overtook "Hulk 1" by a slight advantage this week, but unfortunately the film has been exhausted and has no hope of passing $150 million; "Indiana Jones 4: Kingdom of the Crystal Skull" The box-office war with "Iron Man 1" reversed the situation this weekend. "Indiana Jones 4" suddenly firmed up with a slight decline of 23.9%, reaching a total of 306 million US dollars, gradually approaching the 311 million US dollars of "Iron Man 1"... . Bi Chenggong (blog)/Text