Lenovo K Fengxing King's top keyboard and mouse help sky swept thousands of troops In the game world, when it comes to the famous "SKY" Li Xiaofeng (WE.Pepsi.Sky) in the game industry, it can be said that no one knows everyone, who doesn't want to be like him You can stand on the international e-sports arena and unify the rivers and lakes. If you want to cultivate into a game master, you can't do it without hard work. SKY has been practicing various e-sports games since he was a child. The so-called "to do a good job, you must first sharpen your tools", game lovers must find their own exclusive equipment, and use these equipment to realize their game dreams. The Lenovo ideacentre K Fengxing King computer is specially designed for game lovers. In addition to its supreme game performance, it also has an exclusive gamer's game tool - RAZER professional gaming keyboard and mouse. Lenovo ideacentre K adopts the professional gaming keyboard and mouse produced by RAZER, the world's top gaming keyboard and mouse manufacturer, which can enable gamers to play their best competitive level. This is the first time in the industry that all series of gaming computer products are standard Professional gaming keyboard and mouse. Top keyboard and mouse only fight for honor Lenovo ideacentre K Fengxing King has an extremely fast RAID0 hard drive, and with a professional gaming mouse, players can experience the real thrill of extreme speed control. The Razer Snake Mouse is the epitome of the top professional gaming mouse. It has a snake-like black sexy curve, a delicate skin-like matte shell texture, slightly soft, and the white breathing light flashes like a heartbeat. The giant pit viper mouse uses a revolutionary third-generation (3G) laser engine with a resolution of up to 4000dpi, which can easily face all games on the market, especially suitable for professional e-sports players. It also has 60-100 IPS (orbital speed), 1000Hz/1ms response speed, starts at any time, no delay, and has reached new heights in mobile accuracy and compatibility. Lenovo ideacentre K Fengxing King has a top-level dual-GPU graphics card, so that you, as a battlefield commander, can observe the subtle changes in the battlefield, and at the same time, you also need a professional keyboard to issue commands. The Razer Tarantula Gaming Keyboard is the ultimate intimidating weapon for your gaming dreams. With it, "micro-manipulation" is no longer a difficult task, and players can deal with it freely on the battlefield. The Razer Tarantula keyboard features non-slip rubberized keycaps to provide gamers with the best tactile feel, eliminating the need to slip your fingers off the keyboard in the heat of battle. Backlight can choose W, A, S, D four keys to emit light at the same time, let the darkness be your ally. When your enemies are in the dark, with the backlight of the keyboard on, you can achieve greater operational accuracy, while keeping the fate of the enemy in your hands. Its keys are fully programmable via macros, a design that allows players to execute their commands instantly to stay one step ahead of the competition. An excellent mouse must be matched with an excellent mouse pad to achieve powerful performance. The Lenovo ideacentre K will be designed exclusively for gamers to the end, it has a gaming mouse pad with the King of Destruction Giant Ant, which is the most respected and respected eSports team in the world today, including Fnatic, Team World Elite and Team EG has jointly designed, tested and audited for production. It's surface textured for more advanced precision motion and optimized for optical and laser gaming-grade mouse performance. Compared to other gaming mouse pads designed for precise sliding, the gaming-grade optical mouse on the Razer Wrecking King mouse pad can track 25% better, and the gaming-grade laser mouse has over 37% better tracking. For most game lovers, top gamers are not out of reach, Lenovo ideacentre K Fengxing King allows you to experience the intimate contact with top gamers, it adopts the world champion Razer gaming mouse developed in cooperation with professional player SKY. Although this is an entry-level gaming mouse, it combines a compact housing design with high-sensitivity gaming performance, making it ideal for "shallow grip" players who are looking for great speed and precise control. Since there is no need to install drivers, it is guaranteed that this exquisite gaming mouse can give full play to its excellent performance wherever and whenever. The Razer mouse has a 1800dpi 3G infrared sensor. The Razer 3G infrared sensor is the fastest optical mouse sensor in the world, and can move 2.25 times faster than a conventional mouse. It also has another distinctive feature: it is the lightest and most compact product in its class, and it can closely fit the strength of the player's fingertips, giving players a feeling of freedom of movement. The above top game equipment, players can see in the Lenovo ideacentre K Fengxing King series: Lenovo ideacentre K Fengxing King Supreme Edition will be equipped with black-bellied tarantula keyboard + giant snake mouse + Destruction King giant ant mouse pad; Fengxing King The Deluxe Edition and Smart Edition will use the orange warehouse golden spider keyboard + the evil snake mouse + the heavy armored insect mouse pad. To provide game lovers with specially designed game computers, this is the innate mission of Lenovo Fengxing King series computers, use it to train hard, take over the gun in SKY's hand, be crazy for your thoughts, fight for glory, the next one You are the esports champion.