More than 500 people are eagerly looking forward to the production of the Tang INN knowledge quiz award (tea break) Moderator: Welcome friends back to our scene, next is our lottery session, everyone is looking forward to it. In this event, we set up six Big prizes, from skis to computers, from mobile phones to houses, every prize is very tempting, if... in case, you have any special circumstances, and you don't come to collect the prize in time after our draw, you will be in special class Go to our workbench before the prize draw, he will give you a gift, but the statement must be made before the special prize is drawn. After the special prize is drawn, all our prizes will be invalid, and will be made up in the second round. The first prize drawn is the fifth prize. This box contains the round stickers sent to everyone before entering the door. We will collect our fifth prize. The rest of the prizes use the lottery system of Sina Leju, which is VIP. The card number is the card number when you arrange the number. Let me talk about a total of 20 fifth prize winners. The prize is a 4G Kingston U disk. Let us invite the guests of the lucky draw, Mr. Zhang Huisheng, Executive Vice President of China Urban Development Research Institute, Zhang Jian, Partner of Huishi Investment, Sina Ye Qing, customer director of Leju Beijing, is well-known as editor-in-chief in Beijing. There are four please. (The fifth prize will be drawn) Moderator: Next is the fourth prize. The prize is a standard room of 2010-2011 Wanlong Ski Hotel with a face value of 900 yuan for one night and a coupon for Wanlong Ski Resort. (The fourth prize will be drawn) Moderator: The third prize will be drawn next. The prize is a very coveted set of top European ski equipment. Zhang Weiming, secretary of the Disciplinary Committee of Chongli County, Zhangjiakou, will be invited to draw the prize. The winners are three. (Third prize will be drawn) Moderator: The second prize will be drawn next. Who will get the computer, mobile phone and house? Friends, don't worry, there is hope. First, Meng Qingrong, Secretary of the Political and Legal Committee of Chongli County, Zhangjiakou, was invited to draw two winners of the second prize. The second prize is the hottest Ipad tablet on the market. (The second prize will be drawn) Moderator: There is only one first prize, and the one to be awarded is one of our most fashionable Iphones. Please, Mr. Yu Youbin, Deputy Mayor of Chongli County, Zhangjiakou, please. (The first prize will be drawn) Moderator: Do you have anything to say to the winning friend? Winner: I am very happy with this event today, I will definitely go to Chongli to buy a house. Moderator: Next, we will draw the last prize, a house, as everyone knows, a set of our Tang INN hot spring serviced apartment, worth 200,000 yuan. Let's invite Mr. Wang Cheng, Chairman of Fulong Group, the organizer of this event, please! Tell us a little bit about how you thought about offering such a big prize? Wang Cheng: Up to now, there are more than 100 groups in the field. In the current situation of the bad property market, the owners still have such great enthusiasm. This is the biggest recognition for our Fulong Group and the Tang INN project. In order to repay New and old customers, our company takes out a house to repay everyone. Thanks! Moderator: What kind of eyes do everyone look at you? You should know that there is no other eyes except envy. Please say a few words to everyone. Winner: I wish I had calmed down a bit more, so excited. Moderator: What attracted you to come to us at that time? Through what channels, how to know our project, and to buy it? Winner: In fact, I have always been optimistic about this area and want to invest. Moderator: Very insightful, but also brought luck to you. Don't be in a hurry to leave. Some friends did not come to the stage to accept the prize. We will conduct the second round of the lottery and make up for the empty space. Please don't leave your seat. For all the winners just now, please consult the relevant award recipients. staff of. In the second round of the lottery, Mr. Jiang was invited to the stage to draw. Jiang Peng: There are four fourth prize winners and one third prize winner who didn't take the stage just now. Let's continue to draw. What do the friends at the scene want? ! Audience: Think! Jiang Peng: Next, we will draw four fourth prizes. (Drawing the fourth prize) Jiang Peng: I think the last third prize should be drawn by our VIP President Wang, and President Wang. (Wang Cheng draws the last third prize) Moderator: With the generation of various awards, today's event is drawing to a close. Finally, I would like to thank my friends for coming to our scene. I hope you will continue to support our soup INN. See you again! (This event ends here) I want to comment on property navigation: