Zhejiang University's thesis fraud case continued: The whereabouts of millions of scientific research funds has become a mystery Since the diary of the report letter received on October 16, 2008, Zhejiang University finally took "a powerful medicine" after five months of "labor pain". Zhejiang University President Yang Wei announced on March 15 that the three scholars involved in the "He Haibo thesis fraud incident", He Haibo, the former associate professor of Zhejiang University School of Pharmacy, was expelled from the teaching staff, and Wu Limao, director of the Chinese Medicine Pharmacology Research Office where He worked, was dismissed. The term of office of Li Lianda, an academician of the Chinese Academy of Engineering, has expired and will not be renewed. "I think that Academician Li Lianda is indeed no longer suitable to continue to serve as the dean of Zhejiang University School of Pharmacy." At the just-concluded National "Two Sessions", Yang Wei said while surrounded by countless media. But the storm didn't end there. According to our reporter's investigation, the research group has applied for academic funding totaling one million yuan. It is still unclear whether these funds are related to the "fake" papers, and whether they should be recovered. Who else? In the whole incident, He Haibo's fraud is no longer controversial. But whether this is a collective fraud incident, and whether the other two scholars Li Lianda and Wu Limao participated in it, have always been the focus of attention. "So far, I think Li Lianda is ignorant." Yang Wei responded to this reporter. Li Lianda is the top of this academic chain. As an academician of the Chinese Academy of Engineering, he concurrently serves as the dean of the School of Pharmacy of Zhejiang University and the head of Li Lianda's research group. The papers reported in the incident were all from Li Lianda's research group at Zhejiang University and Xiyuan Hospital of the Chinese Academy of Chinese Medical Sciences. Yang Wei believes that Li Lianda needs to assume two responsibilities, "one is the responsibility as the dean, and the other is the responsibility as the leader of the research group." The Chinese Academy of Engineering also stated in the survey results released on March 6, "(The fake paper Middle) Academician Li Lianda's signature was signed without his knowledge, and he is responsible for neglecting management, poor education, and lax supervision and supervision for this plagiarism incident." "The editor-in-chief of foreign journals gives I replied that Li Lianda's English is not very good, and it is easy to be caught without knowing it." Yang Wei further proved that Li Lianda's signature handwriting on the original manuscript had been authenticated by a handwriting appraisal agency in Shanghai, showing that it was not his own. sign. However, Yang Wei did not disclose relevant identification documents. The whistleblower, Zhu Guoguang, disagreed with the findings. He gave an example in his blog, "The first author of an alleged fraudulent paper is Li Yikui, Li Lianda's secretary in Beijing Xiyuan Hospital (the corresponding author is Li Lianda). Li Yikui's method of fabricating data is almost the same as He Haibo." In order to help this newspaper identify Whether Li Lianda and Wu Limao knew about the fraud, Professor Lason, editor-in-chief of the Polish Journal of Pharmacology, provided an intellectual property statement signed by all authors of the suspected fraudulent paper-the full name of the paper is "Salvianolic Acid B and Bel Puli" A Comparison of Cardioprotective Effects in Mice with Large-area Myocardial Infarction, by Li Lianda and Wu Limao. On this copyright page, all authors sign in English. Among them, He Haibo is the first author, followed by three authors surnamed Yang, S, Zeng, and finally Wu Limao and Li Lianda. Judging from the handwriting, it seems that these signatures did not come from the hand of one person. Among them, Zeng's signature is slightly rigid and restrained. Li Lianda and Wu Limao's "L" writing method is similar. "This name was not signed by Li Lianda." After carefully reading the above-mentioned copyright page provided by this reporter, Yang Wei affirmed that this copyright page was also included in the scope of handwriting appraisal sent by Zhejiang University. He also pointed to the S surname. , saying that it was actually the English name of He Haibo's wife. "But Wu Limao's handwriting identification is not so certain." Yang Wei said that although they asked Wu Limao to sign more than 30 signatures for comparison, the conclusion could not be given. Wu Limao is an important link in the academic chain linking the offender He Haibo and academician Li Lianda. In the previous descriptions of the members of the research group, Wu was the actual person in charge of the research group, with full authority to represent all affairs and reporting to Li Lianda in Beijing. The corresponding authors of He Haibo's 8 papers with fraudulent content are all signed as Wu Limao. Wu was on an exchange visit at Yale University when the fraud was uncovered, and a few months later he returned to China to be investigated. "He said at first that he couldn't remember whether he signed it or not. Later, he said that He Haibo had indeed asked him to sign it, but he did not sign it on the copyright page." Yang Wei told this reporter. Yang Wei also revealed that Zhejiang University had already made an administrative penalty decision on Wu Limao, but later found some new evidence of involvement, such as Wu Limao's mailbox left in the mailboxes of many corresponding authors, "so the announcement was delayed for a day or two." The conclusion announced by Zhejiang University is that there is currently no evidence that Wu directly participated in the writing and initial submission of the above-mentioned papers, but after he accepted or published some of He Haibo’s problematic papers, he used it as a corresponding author for the application project, which cannot be shied away. responsibility; I also have problems such as repeated publication of academic papers. In addition, the study style supervision of the Chinese Medicine Pharmacology Research Laboratory is out of order, and Wu, as the director of the research laboratory, also has serious dereliction of duty. To this end, Zhejiang University decided to revoke Associate Professor Wu Limao's positions as assistant to the director of the Institute of Traditional Chinese Medicine and director of the Institute of Pharmacology of Traditional Chinese Medicine, and gave him an administrative punishment of major demerit and dismissed his employment contract. "According to common sense, it is unreasonable for Mr. He to bear such a huge academic scandal alone." Tabachnikoff, head of the public relations department of the Dutch journal "Ethopharmacology", told this reporter. The future of the students As the end of the chain, the master and doctoral students of Li Lianda's research group of Zhejiang University bear the greatest price. "All their papers were returned," said Si Jianmin, vice president of Zhejiang University. Even some manuscripts that had already entered the printing process were returned, making these master and doctoral students face serious graduation problems. It is understood that there are 10 students in this research group. "The journals (their submissions) did not explicitly say that they would not accept their papers, but the review was very strict." Yang Wei also said with concern that he was already considering finding peers to blindly evaluate these students' papers to ensure fairness. The impact of this incident on Zhejiang University does not stop there. The relevant person in charge of Zhejiang University said that a greater impact exists invisibly. "For example, they said that Zhejiang University would come back to apply for (projects) in 3-4 years, and they also said that real gold is not afraid of fire." This matter may also affect the academic ranking of Zhejiang University. Previously, the Graduate School of Zhejiang University ranked top three in the rankings of China Academy of Management Science and other organizations all year round, ranking after Tsinghua University and Peking University. The Mystery of the Whereabouts of Millions of Funds So far, neither Zhejiang University nor the Chinese Academy of Engineering's investigation conclusions have involved the relationship between fraudulent papers and related project funding, let alone whether they will recover related funds. According to the reporter's investigation, Li Lianda's projects include the "863" project of the National High-tech Research and Development Program (No. 2003AA223071), the National Science and Technology Support Plan (No. 2006BAI14805), the National "Tenth Five-Year" Science and Technology Research Plan (No. Supported by the National Science Foundation of China (No. 30572372) and the Leading Talents of Traditional Chinese Medicine in Jiangsu Province (2006). Among these projects, only the research funding of the 973 project from 2005 to 2007 reached 8.3949 million yuan, but there are 6 research groups under this project, and the exact funding of Li Lianda's fifth research group is not clear. On June 18, 2008, the Department of Conditional Finance of the Ministry of Science and Technology released a summary table of the proposed budget arrangement for the new round of 973 project special funds, indicating that the funds received by Li Lianda's research group were 1.66 million yuan. The reporter's inquiry found that the person in charge of the National Natural Science Foundation of China (No. 30500661) related to the fake paper is Wu Limao. The project was completed on December 31, 2008, and received 280,000 yuan in funding. Except for the disclosed fake papers, no other project results have been seen. Only the above-mentioned funds have been added together, and Li Lianda's research group has received millions of yuan in research funds. According to a report by the American scientific journal Science, Li Lianda brought a total of US$430,000 in research grants to the school during his five-year tenure as dean of the School of Pharmacy at Zhejiang University. In addition, this reporter also saw a project report with an application amount of 10 million yuan provided by members of the research group, but it is unclear whether the application was approved. However, Li Lianda himself said in a statement earlier that these fake papers were neither the subjects Li Lianda was responsible for nor were they funded by any funds. The investigation report provided by Zhejiang University also emphasized that He Haibo himself admitted that the claims that these papers were funded were "all fabricated by him in order to make the fraud more authoritative." The reporter searched these papers, which he called "fabrication of funding sources." Two of them are fake papers published by the first author He Haibo in the 8th issue of the British Journal of Materia Medica Therapy in August 2008. The introduction page of the two articles lists the funding sources of the papers in detail, including major scientific and technological research projects in Zhejiang Province (No. 2004C13022, 2005C13027), key scientific research projects of Zhejiang Provincial Administration of Traditional Chinese Medicine (No. 2006Z015), and national key basic research and development projects. "973" plan funded project (No. 2005CB523405) and 5 projects funded by the National Natural Science Foundation of China (No. 30500661). In addition to the above-mentioned sources of funding for the above-mentioned papers published in the Netherlands Journal of Ethnographic Pharmacology, there is an additional scientific research project of the Zhejiang Provincial Department of Education (No. 20061328). The sources of funds are also indicated in the papers published in the German "NSA Pharmacology" and the Polish "Pharmacology Bulletin". In addition to the repeated funding sources with the above-mentioned projects, there is also the National Postdoctoral Science Foundation (No. 20070411201). The above-mentioned funds and projects have not yet come forward to clarify whether they have funded fake papers. The reporter called one of the funding providers, the National Natural Science Foundation of China. Staff at the foundation said they were investigating the matter, but no results have been forthcoming. "Under normal circumstances, even if it is found that the funds are used improperly, the punishment measures are only to limit the application for new projects by the person in charge of the project in the future." The staff member explained, "Our fund does not necessarily have to see results if it continues to be funded. Another scholar who has served as a reviewer of the National Natural Science Foundation of China bluntly told reporters that academic funding "seems to be doing charity work, and it doesn't matter if the money is given to you." Reporter Chen Xiaoying intern reporter Li Jing (source: 21st Century Business Herald) Liu Kemei: Who is the cultivator of Academician Vase Video: Associate Professor of Zhejiang University was fired for falsifying thesis