China E-Sports Development Center Reconstruction Completed China E-Sports Development Center (CESPC for short) was established in December 2004. It is a collection of industry research, product planning, event operation, information management, professional athletes and An authoritative institution with functions such as referee training and certification. At the same time, it is also one of the eight characteristic centers of the Beijing Digital Entertainment Industry Demonstration Base built by Beijing. Its commercial operating entity is Beijing Huayou Jingjie Technology Development Co., Ltd. With the strong support of the State Sports General Administration, the Beijing Municipal Sports Bureau and the Shijingshan District Committee and District Government, the China E-Sports Development Center has invested heavily to build a world-leading and domestic first-class professional e-sports venue. The venue is located at the west end of Chang'an Street in Beijing. The subway runs through the capital, and the bus lines lead in all directions. The transportation is very convenient. It is only 18 kilometers away from Tiananmen Square. It is a comprehensive gymnasium with a construction area of 12,000 square meters. It has hosted important events such as the International Billiards Competition, the 7th Asian Table Tennis Championships, and the CEG National E-Sports Games. In the 2008 Beijing Olympic Games, it was selected as the Olympic Games Basketball training venue. The main hall of CESPC's professional e-sports venue is an offline competition venue, which is mainly used for professional e-sports competitions; the first floor of the subsidiary hall is the training center and product research and development center, and the second floor is the international live broadcast center, which is mainly used for global live broadcast of e-sports events. . The museum integrates high-end event operations, an international live broadcast center, and a professional portal website, and can host and host high-end and low-end e-sports events at home and abroad. The venue has top-level hardware equipment, 100M fiber Internet link speed, high-definition TV live broadcast and video production equipment built with huge investment, and is equipped with Allienware's world-class gaming computers. The overall architectural shape is modern and fashionable, highlighting the technological and era characteristics of the e-sports industry. The completed e-sports hall will become a landmark building in China's e-sports industry. CESPC has long-term and good cooperative relations with world-renowned game developers, sponsors, event organizers, and star players to build an internationally leading and Chinese authoritative brand event and online platform, cultivate the highest level of e-sports players, and provide industry-leading quality. Service is the goal; adhering to the principle of "pioneering and innovative, scientific management, and characteristic management"; following the laws of the market, and constantly improving the management concept; leading the diversified development path combining e-sports and digital entertainment, and promoting national e-sports and China Electronics The vigorous development of the competitive industry has created a new pattern of the international e-sports market.