Park New District May 1 subscription will receive gift vouchers (picture) Fourth stop: Park New District (forum photo album model room map search) Property location: Yanshun Road, East Yanjiao Development Zone, West Chaobai River Average sales price: 4200 yuan/square meter on May 1 Promotion: From April 25th to May 2nd, the "May 1st Raising Gifts, One Million Delivery" campaign will be launched. During the event, all customers who subscribe can get a gift of 100 yuan and a discount of 3,000 yuan for buying a house? They can also participate in the lucky draw for the gift of 10,000 yuan on the spot. The picture shows the appearance rendering of the new park area. The main products of the new park area are exquisite two-bedrooms of 78-110 square meters and comfortable three-bedrooms of 130 square meters. The apartment space is compact and the layout is reasonable. The new park area is located on the Chaobai River in the Yanjiao Economic and Technological Development Zone in Zhengdong, Beijing, adjacent to Huatang Golf Course and Novotel Yanyuan International Resort, close to Yanshun Road, and next to Chaoyang North Road, which will be opened soon. The transportation is convenient, the Yanjingtong Expressway and the Jingha Expressway are unobstructed all the way. It only takes 30 minutes to drive by car: the 930 bus goes directly to the gate of the community, and it only takes 40 minutes to arrive by car from Guomao (Langjiayuan), and the frequency of departure is 5 minutes. One class. It is only 25 kilometers away from Beijing Capital International Airport. The planned M6 line goes straight to Yanjiao, and the Yanshun Road currently under construction will arrive at the Capital Airport 18 minutes after the expansion is completed. Jingha (National Road 102) is also currently being widened. The new park area has a unique 120-mu sports park ecological green space in Yanjiao, a 6,000-square-meter commercial and cultural plaza, a 5,000-square-meter Swan Lake, a 3,500-square-meter Xinghe Haoyue (forum photo album model room map search) bilingual kindergarten, and an 800-square-meter business and entertainment center. In order to facilitate the travel of community owners, the developer invested 30 million yuan to build a 930 bus terminal covering an area of 50 acres near the community, and introduced the first large-scale Jingkelong supermarket in the community. The above information is for reference only, and the final announcement by the developer shall prevail. i want to comment