"Sex and the City": The first experience of American style for international students I'm into a lot of bling, Cadallic, Chanel and Coach Rocking Christian Audigier, Manolo, Polo, taking photos in my Cartier..." Just hearing this theme song, It's enough to bring tears to my eyes as a fan of "sex and the city", which I've been looking forward to for four years, but unfortunately, when it premiered in the United States this year, I just went back to my country for summer vacation and burst into tears... I can only go back and make up for it And an interesting coincidence is that after graduating from college last year, I was admitted to the graduate school of applied media at the University of Mississippi in the United States. I wonder if it has something to do with my love for this drama? As a fashion hobby Maybe it's because the "American style" represented by this TV series and other American TV series is deeply ingrained in my mind. When I was preparing my luggage for going abroad last year, I inevitably felt some unease and nervousness in my heart, as if I was in a mountain. The child is suddenly at a loss as he is about to enter the metropolis. Faced with his cabinet of clothes, he doesn't know what to bring, for fear that he is standing among a group of blond classmates and looks like a local girl. My foreign friends comforted me and said, "Easy, America accept everything. "With this uncertainty, I set foot on the other side of the country, and I found another scene. The United States is indeed a place full of freedom. Young students are casual and comfortable, black girls are sexy and enchanting, and office workers are dignified. Elegance... Whether HIPHOP style or punk style, whether it is the southern California coast or the upper east side aristocracy, various styles from all over the world can coexist harmoniously and freely in a city, giving birth to a vigorous fashion vitality. In the United States, even if it is In the dollar store of all "made in china", I can also see a woman carrying a Chanel campon bag, which reminds me of the professor who kindly helped me in the class and said to the class: "Unless you are an Indian, we All are foreigners to this country. "This kind of democratic spirit and strong cultural tolerance are well reflected in the dress. The American social circle's dress pays great attention to "occasion" and I am deeply impressed. Simply put, it is necessary to wear appropriate clothes for any occasion Clothes are the ones that conform to etiquette and norms. When there is a cocktail party or a thesis speech at the school, the usually inconspicuous classmates "dress up" like a big makeover, and the girls who never wear pink wear delicate makeup. , curled up his hair, put on carefully selected dresses and high-heeled shoes. The boys also took off their favorite peaked caps, and looked energetic in suits and leather shoes. Recalling that the Hollywood stars who were secretly photographed were also casual and even sloppy in their lives. It is enough to see that Americans distinguish work and leisure occasions very clearly, and they relax to the extreme when they are leisure, but they will not bring it to formal work. The most common American college style is also the same as what we thought. The "campus wear" represented by "E-LAND" is different. Basically, a solid color T-shirt, loose overalls or jeans, and a pair of flip-flops are the most standard white American college students. In addition, Reflecting body lines is also keen for foreigners. Maybe you have heard of Abercrombie & Fitch in China, but you can't imagine its popularity among young Americans. A series of young brands headed by it are mostly textured. It is a stretch cotton that is at least half thinner than ordinary T-shirts. It is extremely tight and narrow, and strives to perfectly wrap and reflect its own body lines. It makes me even as thin as I have the experience of almost stretching my clothes. Although this kind of clothes seems to be The patent of the devil's figure, but there are also many "XXL" who wear swimming rings or bow sleeves, and they just shove themselves in. Although they expose their shortcomings, they are still confident "Who care? "Look. This kind of self-confidence that dares to show my true self really makes our international students sweat in admiration. However, this trend of advocating body lines has really promoted the American people's love for fitness. Sex and the City is still The classics of fashion and American TV series, but TV series are always TV series. Although the classic New York girl in my mind is always a big wave, stepping on Manolo Blahnik and walking on Fifth Avenue with her head held high, she is confident, self-confident, and free. This is the essence of true American Style.