EOG09 Finals Opening Announcement Meeting at the end of the month in Ma'anshan EOG2009 Qualifiers ended on July 20, 2009. Through the fierce competition of players in each project, the players who entered the finals are: Solo Project: Version: 1.24 Korea Division Qualifiers: SK.Lyn ,WeMadeFox.Moon. China Qualifiers Qualifiers: Ma'anshan: WE.Pepsi.Future, iNow.ForDream , WE.Pepsi.Sky, Xiamen: WE.Pepsi.TeD, iNow.Sai, WE.Pepsi.Syc, Guangzhou: DHC.Yumiko, DHC.YuYI, Rus.Angel_Dead, Chengdu: yi_sweet, Lengmo, CHN_WC, Xi'an: WE .Pepsi.Infi, wulin, jingze, Wuhan: Mouz.Fly100, WE.Pepsi.suhO, macsed, Shijiazhuang: uhen, hexieshehui, player13, Shenyang: YG.Home.XiaoGui, ever_beast, iam.zhouqiao. Online matches: mouz.TH000, WE.Pepsi.Like, WE.09.Panxiang, YG.Home.Goblin, RyH_Ztl, KeyHeart. Dota Project: Version: 6.61c China Qualifiers: Ma'anshan: HFD, Xiamen: pizzz, Guangzhou: CHN .sMile, Chengdu: Razer.CGC.cn, Xi'an: CD, Wuhan: Perfect Victory, Shijiazhuang: CNM, Shenyang: Majia. Online qualifying: EHOME, CH, FSG. Overseas teams: TBD EOG2009 Finals scheduled for 2009 From August 28th to August 30th, it was held in the Ma'anshan Municipal Government Conference Hall. The specific information is as follows: Competition time: August 28, 2009 to August 30, 2009 Competition location: Ma'anshan City Government Conference Hall, Anhui Province (Taibai Avenue, Ma'anshan City) Sign-in time: August 27, 2009 9:00 to 19:00. Check-in location: Motel 168 Business Chain Hotel (Ma'anshan North Road Branch) Transportation Guide: Competitors can take the train directly to Ma'anshan; they can also transfer to Ma'anshan after arriving in Nanjing: Option 1: Take the bus directly to Ma'anshan at Nanjing Lukou Airport Airport bus; Option 2: Take the train to Ma'anshan directly at Nanjing Station; Option 3: Take the subway from Nanjing to Zhonghua Gate, and take the bus to Ma'anshan at the nearby bus station. After each player arrives in Ma'anshan, they can take a taxi directly to the hotel, which costs about 6 yuan. Sign-in guide: 1. Players must bring their original ID card (or passport) and a one-inch photo when signing in, so that the staff can check the player's identity. 2. When signing in, players need to get the player uniform, player card and player manual from the staff, and carefully read the content of the player manual, and sign for confirmation. Reimbursement and bonus distribution: 1. The reimbursement standard for transportation expenses is the fare of the train hard sleeper intermediate berth from the offline qualifying area to Ma'anshan. The transportation fee that is less than the standard will be reimbursed according to the actual amount of the ticket, and the transportation fee that is higher than the standard will be reimbursed according to the standard. 2. The reimbursement standard for players who qualify for the online competition is the hard sleeper middle berth fare for the train from the player's location to Ma'anshan. 3. The one-way ticket for the competition will be reimbursed at the check-in office in Ma'anshan on the 27th. Players are requested to arrange the tickets in advance. Please send the return ticket to the Organizing Committee before September 12, and the Organizing Committee will verify the payment. The time for all reimbursement bills must be: 2009.8.24-2009.8.27 (to Ma'anshan) 2009.8.28-2009.9.2 (return). 4. Competition bonuses will be in cash after the players finish all competitions and complete the check-out procedures issued. Guidance on room and board arrangement: 1. The accommodation time of the contestants undertaken by the EOG2009 Organizing Committee: August 27, 2009 13:00 to August 31, 2009 12:00 noon. The organizing committee will arrange the players' accommodation time depending on the progress of the competition, from the evening of the 27th to the noon of the next day after being eliminated, and the longest to noon on the 31st. 2. Check-in instructions for contestants: The EOG2009 Organizing Committee provides hotel accommodation for contestants in each competition area. Each room is for 2 people, and each room accommodates 2 contestants. Players are not allowed to change room beds without permission. In case of special circumstances, please inform the receptionist in advance. Eliminated contestants should vacate their beds before 12:00 noon the next day after being eliminated so that the organizing committee can adjust the room. If you need to renew, please contact the staff. The staff are kindly requested to cooperate consciously with the adjustment of the accommodation of the remaining players. 3. Competitors will receive their accommodation card upon check-in. For the convenience of player management, each player will be charged a deposit of 100 yuan, please keep the receipt properly, and return the deposit with the room card and receipt when checking out. 4. It is strictly forbidden to be noisy during the contestant's stay in the hotel. If it affects other contestants' rest, etc., the organizing committee will take serious action (forfeiture of bonuses to disqualification of the competition). 5. The food and beverage expenses for each competition day will be provided by the Organizing Committee. Contestants can choose to receive food and beverage fees (15 yuan/person/day) from the staff every day or receive food and beverage coupons, and the organizing committee will buy lunch boxes on their behalf and exchange them with the coupons. Special Notes: 1. Players can bring their own keyboards, mice, headphones and other equipment. The installation of equipment and drivers is the responsibility of the players themselves. If the game is interrupted due to the failure of the equipment, the players are responsible for the consequences. Players' personal belongings on the field should be properly kept by themselves, and the organizing committee is not responsible for taking care of them. 2. Before the contestant's daily competition is over, the referee's permission is required to leave the competition room to avoid losing contact. 3. The use of the machine at the competition site shall be subject to the arrangement of the staff. Please contact the on-site referee to deal with the problem of failure or disconnection and wait in your seat. 4. During the competition, the contestants must obey the media publicity and interviews arranged by the organizing committee. For the competition on the stage, the players must cooperate with the live broadcast unconditionally. 5. Competitors should abide by the order of the field, pay attention to personal words and deeds, and must not make loud noises to affect the game, and must not abuse others or cause conflicts. Violators will be dealt with according to the seriousness of the behavior (confiscation of prize money to disqualification of the competition) 6. The following items are prohibited in the competition area: no slippers; no jeans and shorts with holes; no vests, sleeveless T-shirts, only normal wear T-shirts, shirts, etc.; clothing and decorations with any offensive symbols are not allowed; during the competition, players must wear uniform competition clothing, etc. The mailing address of the bills is: EOG Organizing Committee (received), 3rd Floor, Office Building, Jiada Software Park, No. 1500, Jiuhua West Road, Yushan District, Maanshan City, Anhui Province Postcode: 243000 029-62684364 If you have any doubts, please consult the staff: Finalists Consulting group: 49049877 EOG official website: www.theeog.net