Taste overseas: find first love in Canada Some people say that first love is the most beautiful feeling in a person's life, and it is hard to forget. Maybe this relationship will have an influence on his future mate selection, or even be quietly causing trouble. Maybe we will keep this feeling deep in our hearts and occasionally take it out for aftertaste, but the premise is that it cannot affect our current life. It is a kind of fate to make people fall in love. Whether it is love or unrequited love, it once brought us happiness, but falling in love is the ultimate feeling, and unrequited love will be mixed with a touch of sadness. In my low self-esteem and dreamy Girls' Generation, I have always been a very alert person. Study, work, life, temperament, taste, skin, weight, etc. are all things that I pay great attention to. It may be an ability for self-improvement that I have been living under the shadow of inferiority throughout my adolescence, which I haven't changed even now in Canada. When it comes to my inferiority complex, it is actually a matter of appearance. I am fat, very fat. When I was young, everyone said that I was chubby and cute. When my relatives and friends taught children of the same age as me, I was always the person they would mention. The most they say is: "Look at people strange, you are obedient when you eat, never picky eaters, and look at you, you are as thin as ribs." No one said these words after I was 13 years old. . People seem to be getting smarter, and they all know that being fat is actually harmful to the body and has nothing to do with it. My body, which was once considered blessed by people, became the laughing stock of my relatives and friends almost overnight, and immediately turned into a negative example for them to teach their children. Also, they never thought about how I felt when they laughed at me in person. Because of being fat, I was often bullied by male classmates, and female classmates didn’t like to play with me. I couldn’t run, and my sports performance was poor, so I was very reluctant to exercise, and I was getting fatter. Some people say that fat people are stupid in their actions and stupid, but I am not. Maybe it is because I have never been popular with everyone, so I work very hard in my studies, I really want to excel, and potentially gain some attention for myself. Whether my classmates liked me or not, the teachers always praised me. This situation continued until my second year of high school, when my height had stopped at 1.65 meters, but my weight was about 150 pounds. I remember that it was 1994, when I was 17 years old, a newly graduated trainee physical education teacher came to our class as a substitute. His surname was Kim, he was 23 years old, tall and handsome, and he soon became the idol of the school's girls. Half of the female classmates in the class had a crush on him, and all the male classmates regarded him as the object of their worship and study, and practiced the same muscle as Mr. Jin. As for me, not only is not exempt, but even more unreasonable, I not only adore him, I am madly infatuated with him, and I like him so much that I even call his name in my dreams. I feel that my hormone secretion has far exceeded the index that puberty should have. I don't know how I changed from a learning pacesetter with no distractions to suddenly becoming a female nympho full of him. Maybe it has always been in this depressed and inferior environment that I finally found a person who can give me fantasy. Fantasy, I am often immersed in my own world, that world is clear only for me and him, other people, especially those who bullied me before, are vague or transparent. From then on, the image is what I pay most attention to. When I look in the mirror, I often feel inferior while imagining the appearance of being with him, a bit like a fool. Working hard for my first love Speaking of which, I don't know how many people can work so hard for their first love like me. Different from others, I didn't abandon him because I was obsessed with him. I know that the students who have the most contact with the teacher are only two kinds of people with good grades and poor grades, and he has no impression on me. Teacher Jin is really popular with female students. I often hear about his scandals, and it's just that he is joking with other female classmates. At that time, every time I heard this, I would be very sad, and I hated myself even more for the way I am now. I am too fat to be attractive at all. During the summer vacation of my senior year of high school, I did something that surprised everyone who knew me, and even broke a few glasses. I lost weight. When the school started, my classmates, classmates in the same grade, my teachers, the teachers of the whole school, and even the principal of the school did not recognize me, and some people were too surprised to speak. I have lost about 100 pounds. I have become the focus of people's discussions after school. I have become a character. But who knew that during that time, I would start running every morning, from 10:00 to noon. When I got tired, I would rest for 2 minutes and then run again until 12:00 noon. When I get home, I eat a few mouthfuls of apples, and then study, I endure it when I’m hungry, drink water if I can’t, and run for 2 hours at night. Once I fainted from hunger, my mother took me to the hospital for a bottle of glucose. All my efforts are for him. He finally remembered me, and often said in class that I was a person with super willpower, and I seemed confident enough to laugh with him. Senior year of high school seemed to be the happiest year of my teenage years. My love for him has been going on secretly, only I know it, and it belongs to me alone. We have all gone abroad. The secret love for a person will fade away with the growth of age and the loss of time. During the winter vacation of the first year of college, I returned to the city where I was born and grew up. I thought it was the best time for me to confess. I went to the school to find him, but he was no longer there. He was transferred away half a year ago. I heard that he also has a girlfriend from a very good family background. They are a typical "female talent and male appearance" when they are together. I found a place where no one was there and cried a lot. I lost my soul for a long time, and finally woke up from a beautiful dream. My first love was gone before I had a chance to see the sun. After graduating from university, I heard that Mr. Jin got married and went to Germany with his wife. Some people said that it was his wife's family who could go to Germany. In the past few years, I have also experienced a lot of love and breakup, and I have already said goodbye to that crush when I was a girl. After accumulating 2 years of work experience, I applied for immigration and in 2003 I landed in Toronto. I am studying in university now, my grades are good, my weight is still around 100 pounds, I have become more beautiful than before, and I also have a good boyfriend, and now I think that my change is all because of him . Last year, I chatted with several high school classmates online, and we all mentioned Mr. Jin. That memory has become the most important part of my life. I'm actually a nostalgic person, and I treat people and things like this, so I often think about how he was doing. On a whim, I went to a Chinese-language website in Germany to look for inspiration, and there were a few enthusiastic replies, but none of them. Finally, a classmate in China heard about him. My classmate was very excited to tell me that Mr. Jin's family immigrated to Canada, and it was only two years ago in Vancouver. Coincidentally, my classmates have just moved and live with Mrs. Jin's mother next door, so they haven't seen each other for several years and there is no news. People who have almost forgotten about each other have reconnected, and then they came to me. When I met my first love, things are different. During a long vacation last summer, I decided to visit Mr. Jin and took my boyfriend to Vancouver, but I didn't tell him what I wanted to see were all my teenage dreams. Before I went, I called him, and the one who got on the phone felt like his heart was about to jump out, but after hearing his voice, his heart stopped beating again. His voice seemed old, not the vicissitudes of life but old, not like the voice of a 35 or 36-year-old person at all. It was beyond my expectations and made my thinking pause. Explained that it took him a long time to remember who I was, and the funny thing was that his memory of me was just my blockbuster weight loss move and nothing else. It was with such a lost heart that I ran to Vancouver to see him, and he disappointed me more than I thought. A fellow from his hometown and one of his students came to see him. He was very happy. From the moment he opened his door to us until we left, he was always smiling. His wife said he hadn't been this happy in a long time. Apparently we were the very few people who came to see him and remember him over the years. He is already on the verge of running for the fourth year. He has 2 children, a daughter was born in Germany, and the youngest son, who is just over 1 year old, was born here. He is still tall, but has a hunchback. People with a hunchback will look particularly uninspired. The muscles on his body have turned into pieces of fat, the most obvious in the stomach, and the hair is cut very short. with white hair. Going abroad may not be suitable for a person with little skills and culture. Fortunately, he is in good health and has always been able to work part-time. At the dinner table, he likes to talk about domestic affairs. It is nothing more than an old story of him being a physical education teacher in a famous school in China. In fact, he also understands that there is nothing to be proud of, and even bragging seems powerless, so what he says always always It was funny and embarrassing, and he often sighed. He has been working part-time in Canada. Although there is no stable one, he can still support the family. The pressure of life is very high, and he has two particularly deep wrinkles on his forehead. His wife is better than him. After all, she has read a lot more books than him, and is better than him at work and in the circle of friends. His wife will look down on him a little, and it can be revealed from his words and deeds. A little majestic. In just a few hours, I shattered all my memories of that young, energetic and handsome boy for 10 years. I know that people will change at 10, but I didn't expect it to change so much. From appearance to speech to mentality, it is 180 degrees, like another person. After three days in Vancouver, my boyfriend and I came back. On the plane, I suddenly remembered Qiong Yao's novel "Outside the Window". When we met after many years, my mood was so similar—everything was different, it was like a lifetime. I looked at my boyfriend, and I thought silently in my heart: No matter what the future holds, I love you now. Sometimes, beautiful memories are to be put in the deepest and slowly tasted. If you are curious or unwilling to open Pandora's box, it may not be a beautiful woman who jumps out. We should believe that the past is the past, and the present is the best for us.