"Have You" Enterprise Warcraft League Top Eight Player List Competition Drives Sales The "Have You" E-sports Enterprise League, held by Beijing Shenghua Culture Communication Co., Ltd. not long ago, combines IT companies and e-sports players in a brand-new format. The perfect combination is made by the company's free title and selection of e-sports players to carry out the wonderful contest of Warcraft 1VS1. Nearly 100 IT companies participated in the "Have You" corporate league title this year, including Zhongguancun, Bainaohui and other offline physical stores, as well as many online IT stores. During the course of the league, through interviews with participating companies, we learned that IT companies such as Zhongguancun have counted many consumers from e-sports enthusiasts who participated in and paid attention to the league during the sales process. League Overview The "Have You" E-Sports Enterprise League began on February 26th, and through 6 days and 6 rounds of intense competition, the top eight IT companies have finally emerged. The following are the top eight companies and players: Group A title company: Feixiang Technology Group Co., Ltd. Title player: Lu Jie (lujie1) Title company: Beijing Xiaoyun Weiye Technology Co., Ltd. Title player: Wang Yuzong (flaming) Group B champion Famous Enterprise: CS Store of Baise Mall Title Player: Luo Yan (he) Title Enterprise: Beijing Shengxingchi Electronic Technology Development Co., Ltd. Title Player: Lv Yanchao (xiongmaoren1) Group C Title Enterprise: Shanghai Kulei Professional E-sports Peripherals Equipment store title player: Zhou Chenglong (dhc.sai) Title company: Beijing Express Times Technology and Trade Co., Ltd. Title player: Liu Xiaoyu (tuoxie) Group D title company: Beijing Hailian Tengda Technology and Trade Co., Ltd. Named player: Shiyue (shiyue) Named company: Shanghai Taikunhui Trading Co., Ltd. Named player: Hu Xiang (macsed) There is your e-sports game enterprise league consultation phone: 010--82609775 For details, please log in to have you E-Sports Game Enterprise League Official Website: www.unidee.com