Gong Lei La Liga Recommendation: Beware of Numansi's continuous cooling of Villali against cold losses. Almeria VS Valencia Recommendation: 3/0 Last season's newly-promoted Almeria ranked 9th in the league and overfulfilled the task. This season's first-round away game against Bilbao has made another good start. Prove that they can gain a firm foothold in Group A, not entirely by luck. Good overall tactical literacy, abundant physical fitness and brave style make this young team's performance at home and away little difference. Valencia, with Villa and Silva's two forwards, will be brave in the near future. They beat Mallorca 3-0 at home in their first game. The momentum is good. Both the home and away teams have strong momentum and open play styles, and it is possible for either side to win. Malaga VS Bilbao recommendation: 3/1 Malaga lost in the first round, making their road to relegation even more difficult. Because the overall strength and other teams in the first group have a big gap. Málaga have traditionally scored points at home and against teams that are in poor form. As for Bilbao, they lost to the underdog Almeria in their first home game, proving once again that this northern team is too monotonous. Field defense, they will be difficult to conquer opponents. However, in the away game Bilbao is determined to make a good defense, but has the opportunity to score points on the road. Getafe VS Betis recommendation: 1 Now the game mentality of Getafe players is getting better and better, as they are no longer worried about relegation, and they will not place themselves too high, which allows them to better grasp fighter. Betis was only successfully relegated at the end of last season. Due to the rapid decline in strength, there are currently no prominent figures in the team. It seems that in the new season, their trend is not optimistic. But both sides are defensive teams, and both lack strong scoring players on the front line. Both sides will play carefully in this game! Huelva VS Espanyol recommendation: 3/1 What these two teams have in common is "home dragon, away bug". The difference is that the former is known for its tenacious defense and active running, while the latter is known for its delicate footwork and skillful coordination of offense. Vielva is very clear about his position, so when facing the Spaniards at home, they may let the opponent turn the other way, and he will play the defensive counterattack more resolutely. The personnel arrangement of each position of Vielva will be more targeted. Espanyol's players still focus on gorgeous offense on the road, and they are not worried about winning or losing. This is the real Spanish style of football. In this case, the bigger beneficiary of this game should be Huelva. Real Madrid VS Numancia recommendation: 3/1 Numancia beat Barcelona in the last round of making a big cold. The more big-name star-studded teams are, the more they face multi-line battles recently, and Real Madrid is no exception. The Champions League is about to start next week, and there are two more rounds of World Cup qualifiers this week. Although La Liga has just started, it has already begun to distract the "giants". Real Madrid lost to Deportivo in the first round, and pressure must follow. This round of home games must strive for three points. The psychological factor of eagerness to achieve success is very likely to allow the steady Numancias to take advantage of the "loophole" to succeed. Judging from the previous round, Numancia is not a super belly. In fact, their defense is quite solid, they can withstand Barcelona's storm, facing Real Madrid with an uneven lineup, Numancia's iron barrel formation will also give the opponent a headache. Villarreal vs Deportivo: 3/0