"Love left the light, right walk" is coming to the door Lu Yi is a father (picture) Sina Entertainment News In the early morning of the 26th, Lu Yi (listening to the song blog) wife Bao Lei gave birth to a daughter. The birth of the baby made the former sunny boy Lu Yi quickly promoted to "" Father," the sense of responsibility for raising children and raising a family is much more "important" than before, but Lu Yi is now worried about his daughter's name, "Now the whole family is actively taking action, but the name that comes to mind is either Tai Qiongyao (blog) or too popular. "I asked Tong Dawei (blog) and Tian Liang () for advice from his father, Jing Lu Yi, and admitted that he is very happy but also very nervous to be a father, but fortunately, there are experts in front of him, so he has accumulated a lot of theories. It turned out that Lu Yi had already consulted Tong Dawei for a lot of experience when he filmed "Love Left Lights Right" a while ago, "Tong Dawei is already an expert in parenting, and he has several phone numbers from the pediatrician. It's a set, it sounds very 'scientific'." Interestingly, Lu Yi's son made the "Love Left Lamp Right Walk" crew "three happy", first, Tong Dawei joined the "Love Left Lamp Right Walk" for the first time after he was promoted to his father. "The crew, followed by Nie Yuan (blog) walked into the wedding hall during the filming, this time it was Lu Yi's turn, no wonder Sun Jianjun, the producer of "Love Left and Right," joked while congratulating Lu Yi: "The movie has not been released yet. , the crew seems to have become a comedy that everyone is happy with." However, due to too many friends, Lu Yi received a lot of parenting information, which also made him a little "dilemma". For example, Tong Dawei and Tian Liang provided Lu Yi with experience in raising children at the same time, and Lu Yi was deeply impressed. The two of them were infected with the joy of being a father, but at the same time they fell into a state of confusion, "Some of them told me that the child should be fed every three hours and eat all day long; It was ten hours; and my mother said that when I was a child, I was like an adult. I had three meals a day and went to bed after eating. I don’t know who to listen to now.” The father asked Lu Yi when he named his daughter’s name without leaving the dictionary. Whether he likes a boy or a girl, Lu Yi told Sina Entertainment with a smile: "Before Bao Lei became pregnant, I thought about how good it would be to have a boy. There will be many car models and games to play with my son in the future. But after pregnancy, it really doesn't matter. Many good friends around me have daughters, and they often tell me how good girls are." For the sake of her daughter, Lu Yi also took the initiative to ask Li Jian (Tingge blog) a baby song, "I just learned that I want to be a baby girl. Dad, I was very excited, and I happened to have dinner with Li Jian, so I asked him to help write a baby song. Recently he showed me the demo he made. I think the melody is very touching and the lyrics are also very good. Named "My Gift", this song should be on my new album." Apart from mental preparation, how did the couple cope materially? Lu Yi said that he and Bao Lei bought a crib, a small dining table, a small cradle and so on for the children. "When these things were delivered to my door, the workers wanted to help me install them, but I refused. I want to do it myself, which is a pleasure for me. Bao Lei likes to mess with children's clothes. There are also fans who send a lot of baby clothes. I am very grateful to them." But now Lu Yi is most worried about his daughter's name, so he also consulted Tong Dawei and Tian Liang, "They introduced me to some masters who named them, and I also contacted them. We can only choose the name according to the child's birthday. Our family has also been mobilized. My dad is the most enthusiastic. He thinks about it at home every day, but we are not satisfied with it. It is the realm where the dictionary cannot be separated from his hand. He said while turning it: 'I found the name Lu Yi from the dictionary, how wonderful', we now hope that he can 'create more brilliant'." Tired of money for milk powder It is also worthwhile during Bao Lei's production, Lu Yi put down his work and stayed with his wife wholeheartedly. Lu Yi expressed that he felt a lot of responsibilities after becoming a father in a hurry (blog), and he also understood the importance of "milk powder money". I really can't understand when people say they want to make money for milk powder, and they joke that they are overthinking, and they always feel that they can't afford to raise children. But when I really have a daughter, I suddenly feel that money is more important than before, because I think Giving more to my daughter, it seems that no amount of effort is enough. In the past, I gave up on some activities when I felt that the distance was too long and it was a lot of tossing; There is some income." In the movie "Love Left and Right", the lawyer played by Lu Yi and the heroine Lin Jiaxin (Ting Ge) have very consistent vision and taste. In private, Lin Jiaxin also expressed that he is very safe with Lu Yi. , So is Lu Yi and Bao Lei also very unified in life? Lu Yi replied: "There must be times when we have different ideas, but we can all seek common ground while reserving differences. Generally, whoever expresses it first will listen to whoever speaks first. For example, when she buys gifts for her parents during the New Year, Bao Lei wants to buy some practical things such as scarves and thermal underwear for her parents. And I just want to give money directly, which is more affordable. In this case, it depends on who gives his advice first, and the 'first opinion' will generally not be rejected by the other party." "Love Left Lamp In "Right Walk", Lin Jiaxin is in contact with 12 different types of men in the film, but her feelings are always "left to right" and unable to find her true destination. In this regard, Lu Yi can't help but advise girls to be good at seeing each other in the tone of "coming over". "This is very important, first determine what you want and what suits you, and then pursue your goals. In the film, Lin Jiaxin doesn't know what she wants, so she keeps touching it... Today's young people are relatively late, And I consider myself lucky because I found the right love very early on."