Brilliant teamed up with Mercedes-Benz to create the 2nd Real Estate Celebrity Golf Tournament The 2010 HSBC Junior Golf Championship was successfully held, which shifted the attention of sports fans from the World Cup in South Africa to another green venue, and this venue is Sina Leju The second competition venue of the Real Estate Celebrity Golf Tournament - Brilliant International Golf Club. To this end, Sina Leju sincerely invites the general manager of the event organizer Huihuang Cloud Project, the Mercedes-Benz car agent Beijing Penglong Xinghui Automobile Sales Service Co., Ltd. and the person in charge of today's new concept car rental to discuss the project, venue, and The highlights of the game are introduced. Interview time: 10:00 am on July 13, 2010 Interview location: Guest chat room on the 8th floor of Sina Leju Ideal International Building Interview Guest: General Manager of Huihuang Yunshang Project and Deputy General Manager of Huihuang Group, Mr. Fang, today's new concept car rental and Chen Qiang, Deputy General Manager of Mercedes-Benz Key Account Department, interviewed and hosted: Sina Leju Key Account Department The following is the interview record Moderator: Dear netizens of Sina Leju, hello everyone! Welcome to the guest chat room of Sina Leju, all netizens who follow sports events believe that they have been paying attention to the wonderful matches of the World Cup during this time, but the successful holding of the HSBC Junior Golf Championship in 2010 also changed the attention of sports fans from more or less. The World Cup in South Africa has pulled back to another venue, which is the golf course. Just this Saturday, the second Sina Leju Real Estate Celebrity Golf Tournament is about to be held, and golf is another leisure way for us in summer. To this end, Sina Leju sincerely invites the organizer of this event, the project general manager of Brilliant Cloud, the deputy general manager of Brilliant Group, Mr. Fang, and one of the sponsors of this event, Mercedes-Benz, the agent of Beijing Tenglong Xinghui Automobile Sales Service Co., Ltd. and the Deputy General Manager of Today's New Concept Car Rental, Mr. Chen, came to our Leju Guest Chat Room to talk about this golf tournament on Sina Leju Brilliant Cloud. Please say hello to everyone first! Mr. Fang: Dear netizens, hello everyone! Mr. Chen: Hello everyone! Moderator: As far as I know, Brilliant Cloud has also hosted many large-scale golf events. Our friends who play regularly should be familiar with it. Moreover, Brilliant International Golf Club also has some local members, and there may be some people who don’t play golf very much. The golf course is a little unfamiliar. Please Mr. Fang first introduce some information about the golf course to the netizens. Mr. Fang: Thank you Sina Leju for providing such an opportunity to have a dialogue with you. Speaking of this stadium, we should briefly introduce our Brilliant International Resort, because our stadium is located in the resort and is part of our many business formats. The project general manager of Brilliant Cloud and the deputy general manager of Brilliant Group, Mr. Fang, our resort area has three characteristics. First, it should be reflected in its location advantages and environmental advantages. The area where the resort is located was already the location of the Royal Palace during the Liao, Jin and Yuan Dynasties, with a long historical and cultural background. At the same time, the project is located in Yudu Mountain, Guyaju, Songshan National Scenic Area, and Guanting Reservoir. Surrounded by four major scenic spots The natural environment is uniquely endowed by nature. Second, world-class brand partners, including operators of branded hotels and spas that are about to be put into use. The golf course was designed by Mr. Mark, a well-known American designer, in accordance with international championship-level standards, making full use of the local rolling hills and native vegetation to perfectly integrate golf, a traditional and elegant sport, with natural scenery. Third, high-quality facilities, in the resort area, we can provide you with a 33,000-square-meter hot spring SPA center, which covers independent soup houses and a number of characteristic physiotherapy projects; international-level conference centers, brand hotels and wine estates. It can be said that the championship-level fairways, the beauty of the harmony between man and nature, and the perfect supporting facilities all constitute the characteristics of our course. Moderator: There is also a heavy leisure and vacation atmosphere in it? Mr. Fang: Yes, the advantages of the resort itself are rare. Because the project is surrounded by four major scenic spots, the air quality here is very good. I think that in this area, you can enjoy good weather with high quality and standard almost all year round. What is commendable is that the highest temperature in summer here is 0.8 degrees lower than that of Chengde, which is very suitable for summer and summer. And our project is very rich. Our event is directly face-to-face with a 27-hole international championship course with a total length of 10,858 yards and a par of 108. The fairway is wide and the green is densely covered with dark lines, especially the pure mountain course design of the back 9 holes, which is very difficult. Players can practice their skills here. In addition to the stadium, we also have a branded hotel, an international conference center, a fitness center, a hot spring SPA and a 3,000-square-meter winery. What's more special is that we can provide customized corporate clubs, and customers can design their own future homes according to their own preferences. This form is relatively rare in Beijing and in China. In addition to the improvement of supporting facilities, we also hired experienced operators to participate in project design and management. For example, our golf course was designed by Mr. Mark of the JMP Golf Design Group in the United States, and many well-known courses in China were designed by him. The hot spring SPA is designed by Japanese design masters, so from the design point of view, we try our best to pursue internationalization. In addition, from the perspective of operation, the star-rated hotel will be entrusted to the InterContinental Hotel Management Group, and the hot spring SPA will be handed over to the Taiwan Wanken Group, which is a well-known and representative company in Southeast Asia for hot spring SPA. In general, from the very beginning of the project, our philosophy is to take advantage of the unique local natural conditions to provide busy urbanites with a paradise where they can relax and return to nature. Here, in addition to enjoying the gifts of nature, they can also enjoy To the high-quality living conditions created by our brilliant group for everyone. Moderator: It is also to provide a better environment for those who pursue high-end life. Mr. Fang: Yes, here is a platform for everyone to release family and friendship easily. Moderator: Just now you mentioned that our golf course has its own characteristics and is also the work of investment masters. Do you often play on the golf course yourself? Mr. Fang: I play average myself, but I hope Sina's netizens and friends will try our golf course and enjoy the unique style that mountain golf brings to you. Moderator: Do you have any good experience playing by yourself? Mr. Fang: Blending in with nature will be more rewarding for golf addicts. Moderator: How is the scenery of our stadium? Because we also mentioned that this is a leisure resort scenic area, what kind of scenery can we see when we play? Fang Zong: There is an old saying that the water is Yang in the south, and the mountains are Yang in the north. Our project is adjacent to Guanting Reservoir in the south, Songshan National Scenic Area in the north, Yudu Mountain Scenic Area in the east, and Guyaju Scenic Area in the west. The entire 27-hole golf course is embedded in this landscape, especially the back 9 holes. The undulating fairways and the excellent sense of proximity to the mountains give you the illusion of being in the nature, breathing fresh air, and accompany you in the hot summer. With the gentle breeze, it brings the release of physical and mental pleasure. Moderator: Does Mr. Chen play football? Mr. Chen: I played very little, but I heard your introduction to the back 9 holes, and I imagined it to be a very fascinating place. Because when I communicated with some friends, the score around 80 should be considered a professional master. I am sure that they will accept this slightly more difficult challenge. Moderator: In fact, everyone also hopes to have some new challenges, and you can also see the scenery. Mr. Fang: The scenery is only one aspect. The visual impact and the difficulty of hitting the ball brought by the pure mountain course in the back 9 holes will challenge the players' nerves. . Moderator: Are the last 9 holes all? Mr. Fang: To what extent, I still hope everyone can experience it for themselves. I think the difficulty must be relatively large, after all, there is still a big difference between mountain golf and plain golf. Moderator: Yes, the mountain course is inherently difficult, and with too many designs, it must be very challenging. Then our project means that the stadium is in the middle of the whole project. You mentioned just now that we have villas, which are also built around the stadium? Mr. Fang: Yes. At present, the 53 sets of pure single-family villas sold in the first phase are surrounded by fairways. Moderator: It should be said that living in it can feel the mood of this golf. Mr. Fang: Yes. Moderator: Mr. Chen, have you seen our project? Mr. Chen: No, we will go to this event together on the weekend. i want to comment