Genetic tests show that humans can live healthy to 125 years old Sina Technology News Beijing time on September 2, according to the "Daily Mail" report, scientists have made a genetic breakthrough through mouse experiments, extending the lifespan of mice by 45%, And never had cancer in his life. Scientists say the discovery makes it possible for humans to live to 125 years old without developing cancer. The researchers are confident that humans will be able to use this technology to extend lifespan within the next 20 years, because the relevant genes are naturally present in mice and humans and play similar roles. They say that one day, everyone will benefit from this major breakthrough, they will no longer be threatened with serious illness, and they will live longer and healthier lives. Some prominent geneticists and cancer experts say the findings are extraordinary and exciting. The researchers in the research group achieved this result by inserting alternate copies of the three genes into stem cells of mice. These three genes, called telomerase, p53 and p16, are known to be very important longevity and anti-cancer genes. Putting replicators into stem cells improves bodily function because they produce more protein, making them more active. Chromosomal atrophy occurs naturally in all living organisms during aging, but the above procedure helps telomerase avoid chromosomal atrophy, which means that p53 and p16 play a role in preventing cell mutation and division and preventing cancer. They also promote a good balance of healthy new cells. The technology has been called a major breakthrough because it managed to implant duplicate genes for p53 and p16 into mice. To achieve this goal, scientists have been carefully researching for years. This is also the first time scientists have been able to extend the lifespan of mice in this way while protecting them from cancer. Scientists have previously created mice that don't develop tumors, but instead of significantly increasing their lifespans, in some cases, they have shortened lifespans. Previously, scientists could only extend the lifespan of mice by restricting their diet. Continued feeding of the modified mice further strengthened their new DNA patterns, in the process creating a population of "super mice" that lived longer and were cancer-fighting. The mice bred by these researchers are believed to live around four and a half years. Typically, the average lifespan of a mouse is 3 years. That's the equivalent of a human living to be 125 years old, according to the team at the Spanish National Cancer Research Center in Madrid. Manuel Serenao, one of the researchers, said: "After activating p53 and p16 in the mice, the probability of developing cancer was practically reduced to zero. We think that the mice survived longer, Not because they have less cancer risk, but because these genes also have anti-aging abilities.” Lead researcher Maria Brasco, a renowned Spanish scientist, said: Medicine' is no longer an unrealistic dream. This discovery makes it possible for humans to live to 125 years without cancer." The famous British geneticist Aubrey Gray called the discovery that scientists have paid for years "Amazing breakthrough" achieved through hard work. "What makes this news a major event is that this is the first time scientists have managed to extend the lifespan of mammals by controlling the interplay between cancer and aging," he said.