Wang Juelin: Observing more in the first half of 2010 when buying a house (picture) Moderator: Thank you, Mr. He. He just gave a very detailed introduction to the Leju Club. I believe you are also very interested in some of the activities. Today we will be in the lecture hall. It is the considerate service provided by Leju Club for high-end members. How intimate is it? Let's start with Mr. Wang's speech. Our theme is the 2010 Investment Report Conference. We must predict the market environment for next year. First of all, there are Teacher Wang please. Wang Juelin, Deputy Director of the Policy Research Center of the Ministry of Construction, Wang Juelin: Good afternoon, everyone! I am very happy to cooperate with Leju He and the others for the second time. I will mainly talk about the situation today. Let me talk about the situation first. Just look at the chart. This is the housing price situation last year. This is the housing price situation from this year to April. Last year It is a straight decline, and this year it is a straight rise. It has been more than 1 percentage point every month since July, and 1.8 percentage points from October to November. The rate of increase is very fast. This belongs to investment, including sales, and it also belongs to an upward curve. Therefore, the current housing price can be said to be the highest level since the market and housing system reform. Rising, from 1999 to now until 2008, we have a simple analysis of the market, and I don't want to say more about this. Everyone knows that this year's real estate is very hot, and the heat is a little too hot. One is from The indicators look at the market. Just now we looked at the four indicators, that is, from the current price, sales volume, investment, and land transfer. The competition for land is very fierce, so we look at the market. Compared this year with last year, it has completely moved from a downturn to a rapid development. Here is a comparison. The second comparison is that in 2009, the month-on-month growth rate was relatively fast, especially in the second half of the year, which has maintained an upward trend. This is the first point. The second point, from the perspective of the market, there are mainly three aspects. The first aspect is that there is more in and less out. Why do you say that? That is, our real estate development companies, including last year when the market was at a low ebb, I began to pay attention to this aspect. In that case, under particularly difficult circumstances, our real estate development companies did not withdraw from the market, nor did they merge. , also not integrated. And this year, there has been a great development, and it has reached more than 62,000 so far, which means that companies are optimistic about this market, and they enter more and sell less. The second is to earn more and lose less. That is to say, this year we can continue to the ten years of housing reform. The chances of real estate development companies losing money are very small, and the reason is not in the market, but in themselves, no one said that my company lost, even if it lost a little, even There are very few people who make money back, most of them are making money, and some companies who make money are embarrassed. This is not what I said, this is what a very famous business owner said, saying that the property sold in a month Earn hundreds of millions, this is the truth. Third, buy more and sell less. Because it is also at this stage, everyone needs to improve, and there are many young people. Now the family is not the original family. There are three generations, two generations, and now it is basically a family of one generation. They all want to live separately and maintain their own free space. Look at the market, especially this year's market development is very good. There are prominent problems in the market, mainly due to four problems, one is that housing prices are rising too fast. Why do you say this, because you don’t care about the price, no matter what the price increase must have a certain rule, it can go up or down, but it can’t be too fast, not to mention that everyone cares about the house, and now we all hope that we can solve the problem of self-occupation To improve, we said that it is acceptable for Chinese cabbage to rise two cents per pound, but one dollar of cabbage suddenly rises to two yuan, you see how everyone feels, so we say that our housing has a greater impact and the increase is too fast. It's the second half of the year. The second housing sale was erratic, with ups and downs in sales. The third aspect is that the competition for land is too fierce. Landmarks are often appearing now. Some real estate prices are already 31,000 square meters. For example, the ground price of 150,000 to 20,000 in Beijing is very common, but it will definitely not sell for 10,000 in the future. Five or twenty thousand. The fourth point is that the investment ratio is too large. Why is buying a house so hot this time? It is that the investment ratio is too large, and the speculation does not reflect our income and spending power. It seems that everyone has money, and Beijing’s housing prices can rise. To more than 100,000, this is a call to support the real estate. It is impossible for ordinary people to increase their wages. The wages of ordinary people are limited and the rate is very small. This is the sales situation in Beijing, which fluctuates from time to time and is unstable. Let’s look at the situation of land sales. You can see that land sales in Shanghai increased by 142%, Nanjing increased by 212%, and Tianjin increased by 146%. is also great. What's the problem with high housing prices? The market that is definitely disturbing us is getting worse and worse, not healthy, the market is definitely unstable, there is inflation, and it is also prone to asset bubbles. How much impact has the subprime mortgage in the United States had on the world economy, including new problems in Dubai , we can't help but be vigilant. The third is to curb consumption. At present, one of the buying groups can be guaranteed, and only a few can really afford it. The big ones in the middle are those who can’t enjoy it from the bottom, and can’t afford it from the top. If these people don’t solve it, our market It’s over, I can’t afford it, but I can still look at it. I care about the house every day and how much it costs, but I won’t look at it later. I can’t afford it anyway, and most people will quit the market, so it’s necessary to curb consumption. There are four aspects of problems and reasons. We are talking about investigating problems. There are four main problems. There are also four reasons. One is that the investment is too big. In fact, it is the reason for the policy. If you don’t go, Japan can’t go up, Europe can’t go up, and our country can go up. There must be a reason for this. The reason is our policies, especially investment policies. Second, the support of consumption policies is very obvious. It is not only for houses, but also for enterprises, and loans are also easy; the third is monetary policy, the funds for development are very sufficient, and now the money is not nervous. At the beginning of the year, I cried and asked for money to survive. The fourth control policy management is too loose. For example, the problems we have now, the problem of hoarding land, the problem of hoarding houses, and many sales problems are not very strictly managed, which affect the healthy development of the market. The second reason for the impact is the excess of social liquidity. We mainly talk about the enterprise. The reason why the land king is frequent, and why the company is reluctant to sell the house is because there is money in hand, and the reason for the excess liquidity is now State-owned enterprises are competing fiercely to buy land, including the original old-fashioned development enterprises that are now at a disadvantage in land competition, and companies like Vanke have also withdrawn after a few rounds, because there is still a certain gap between them and state-owned enterprises. If an enterprise wants to develop, it needs to use the money. There is no new investment direction to choose, so when the land market is good and the real estate market is good, the money is used here. In addition, the current corporate loan is relatively easy, and the second sales are relatively good, so there are more circulating funds. The reasons for this should be thought of in this way, and there should be four consequences: one is that the competition is more intense, the competition for land is more intense, everyone has money, and it is not easy for banks to get loans. Loans could not be paid, so the management was very strict at that time, and loans could not be obtained, but now it is relaxed; the second is the development of the main industry for self-retention. The real estate industry is a major consumer industry, and there is only so much money, and banks are also good. , the money in the hands of the common people is just so much, a large amount of money flows into real estate, and other mainstream industries, including industrial funds, are reduced, which will affect the sustainable development of our country's economy; third, increase housing prices; fourth, cause the market confusion. The third is that consumption is too concentrated. Everyone has withdrawn some money from their homes. In recent years, some tens of thousands, hundreds of thousands or even more, but they dare not spend it. The main reason is that our country’s security system has not been perfected and perfected. There is a great sense of risk, such as a series of problems such as illness, pension, and children going to school in the future, so they dare not spend money if they have money. There is no place to put it, the interest rate of the bank is too low, and the risks of buying stocks are too great. The best thing is to buy a house. Buying a house can increase its value, preserve its value, improve it, and inherit it. There is a lot of capital flow. Fourth, the lack of market management. At present, the prominent problems in the market have not been well resolved, resulting in market chaos and intensified market supply and demand. The solution to the problem, how to solve it? The first maintains the continuity and stability of our policy. Now both the housing market and the stock market are looking at policies, and they don't look at the market, they look at policies. This is not a good phenomenon. In particular, there are many interventions in the real estate market policy. The second one cannot be done, and the third policy in the front cannot be connected with the policy behind. In this case, it is easier for everyone to speculate on the policy. However, the market in our country In special circumstances, this market is in its infancy and needs to be improved and regulated, but everyone looks at the policy analysis market, which must be relatively volatile, so it is necessary to maintain the continuity and stability of the policy. Second, we must solve the key problems of the market. A good market does not equal health. A good today does not mean a good tomorrow. Therefore, outstanding problems must be solved, especially now that market resources are not fully utilized, and the contradiction between supply and demand in the market is even more prominent. The waste phenomenon is very serious. Third, revitalize market resources and increase market supply. At present, the resources of our entire market are not fully utilized, so the contradiction between supply and demand in the market is normal. We should revitalize our resources. It is not that the young people are in one step, but we have not provided better resources and conditions. Fourth, the most fundamental solution to China's housing problem is to establish China's housing system. China's real estate market is indeed a special market, housing is closely related to every family and individual, and its management has interests in various departments, countries and localities. Only by establishing a unified Chinese legal system and Chinese system can be resolved. Why do you say this? People may not understand it. You say that the system can solve it, because why? No matter what you do, such as affordable housing, now every year, the source of land, the source of funds, the supply of land, including management, whether it can be put on the market in the end is not a certain thing. The above requirements are stricter, and the subsidy is more. How can it be possible, so it should be that so much land should be allocated at the beginning of the year according to the needs, just do this thing, the finance will allocate so much money, and everything will be in place. There will be no contradiction between the upper and lower local governments and the central policy. 3. Real estate trends. Because we are studying trends, we are actually studying the development of real estate for a longer period of time next year. Now what we have seen in front of us is what is missing in the real estate market, what to make up for it, how to ask for it, and how to manage it, but the real estate market should start from It is more accurate to analyze the external environment of the real estate market. Therefore, there are definitely limitations in studying the internal real estate market, so we look at it from four aspects. The first one is investment, I would say it is the future. For example, infrastructure is 1.5 trillion, post-disaster reconstruction is 1 trillion, etc. These things are related to real estate. For example, the state repairs airports, railways, highways, and then looks at the local area. The incomplete statistics of local driving are now more than 34 trillion. , and most of it is in the city's municipal facilities and infrastructure, like how fast Beijing's subway is developing. The land price of the common people along which subway line is to be built will definitely rise, because the transportation is convenient, the land price has risen, and the common people like to buy a house there, it is convenient to go to work, and the transportation is convenient, so no matter what kind of money you invest in the city, it will be beneficial. For example, If you build a good school here, if you have a famous school, the land price here will go up immediately, there is a good hospital, even a good public place, and kindergarten can drive the development of the real estate market in a region, so it should not be underestimated. Policy investment With so much money to drive consumption, the driving force must be very strong, especially last year's investment, some of which have not yet been put in place, and the stamina will definitely be stronger next year. Second, there is huge space for consumption. From now to November, the balance of bank deposits is 22.61 trillion, and this money will definitely come out. Banks can't put it there. The common people also need loans, so the first investment project we talked about, the country is not short of money, and the common people are not short of money, and they all have the needs of investment and consumption. Third, new opportunities for urban development. At present, the economic development of our country mainly depends on the economic development of cities. It is mainly the development of large cities and central cities that support our country's economy. In fact, the development of cities in our country still has a long stage, especially in small and medium-sized cities. , Now to solve urbanization, new countryside, and even farmers get rich, the overall prosperity of the whole country, urban development is the key, so it is still in the construction and development period, most of this investment is very beneficial to the city, now urbanization last year was 45.7%, why is it now ranked third in the world compared with the international market, the United States, Japan, China, the world's first in all indicators, but once the per capita level is 100, it is true that our cities are too short and too weak. Cities are not developed, how can our economy develop, so we must promote urbanization. When our urbanization reaches 65% to 70%, then we will truly stand in the front in the world. The last is the pillar industry status. The real estate industry is a consumer industry. You can only buy a house, decorate it, buy furniture, electrical appliances, buy bedding, and update everything. If you don’t buy a house, the refrigerator is in good condition, the electrical appliances are in good condition, and nothing is moved, and the renovation takes a lot of effort. , once the house is replaced, the house will spend money, and the house will be eliminated, because he thinks it is not suitable to put it in the new house, so last year, the real estate was sluggish, and our home furnishing industry and steel industry were in recession. If you don't go out, there will be no market. Therefore, the real estate industry is an important pillar industry of the national economy, and it plays a very important role in driving the development of industries such as steel, household appliances, home appliances, and building materials. It is crucial to the stability and development of the financial industry, and plays an important role in promoting residents' consumption, upgrading the structure and improving people's livelihood. The fourth point is the newly introduced policies that everyone is concerned about. In fact, there are two policies that most of you have not thought of now. The first is that the real estate market developed so fast in 2009 and the housing prices were so high. The second was that the State Council's measures were so fast and decisive. Two points are proposed. One is the adjustment of second-hand housing, which will be restored from two years to five years. The second policy is to increase the supply of general commercial housing. Within two days, the State Council held an executive meeting and proposed to curb housing prices. It shows that the country is very concerned about the problem of real estate, especially the high housing prices in some cities, and it is determined to solve this problem. Therefore, recently five ministries and commissions issued a document on the management of land transfer. Yesterday I went to CCTV to read it, so Here they will ask, I said I will tell you today, what are we thinking, I think the introduction of this policy is mainly to restrict the competition of landmarks and land kings, that is, to raise the threshold of land competition, and the second is to test the financial ability of enterprises. There is no money; the third is that small and medium-sized enterprises are far away from the market, and they can’t sell it because the down payment is 50%; the fourth is to force the rapid turnover of funds for development enterprises, not only the turnover of land, but also the turnover of houses. And the most important point, not only 50%, but the second sentence is more important, that is, it requires that all land transfer funds must be paid in one year. He asked me if I meant the introduction of this policy and whether the 50% policy would be even higher. Land prices and housing prices, I said that this year actually solved the problem of hoarding land, and the transfer fee must be paid in full. Solving the problem of hoarding land will increase the supply of land in the market, which is good for stabilizing land prices and housing prices. The final conclusion is that our country's economy cannot decline now. Don't look at 8% this year, and there will be difficulties next year. So next year, I estimate that some of them are optimistic and say 9%. I estimate that the country will definitely set a neutral target, which should be 8.5%. , this belongs to the category that can be completed, and can be broken through if there are difficulties. A little conservative, this is more reasonable. It will be troublesome if you can't rush up to 9 o'clock, and the pressure may be even greater, because there is also the problem of energy saving. There is another question, the EU, the issue of local protection for our export. After the establishment of the EU in the future, there will be too many unforeseen problems for you from so many countries in the future. First, the society can be stable when the economy is stable; second, the real estate market is needed, because it is the consumer market and the best consumption point for residents. Now the three major consumption supports our consumption. Ideally, foreign trade will decline faster, and housing, automobiles, and tourism are the best consumption points now, so everyone must believe that although the real estate market is rectified, the development prospects are still very good. Moderator: Can you ask Mr. Wang questions about policy adjustments? Just now, Mr. Wang said a lot. At first, he said that the market is going crazy, and finally he said that it is still worth buying next year, but it is not called purchase, but consumption. Wang Juelin: It’s up to you to buy or not to buy a house. If you buy a house personally, please observe more in the first half of next year, because the policies come out one by one, which will definitely have a certain impact on the market. There is definitely nothing wrong with corporate investment, including banks. Moderator: Thank you, Mr. Wang. i want to comment