Shimao Group's top product series Shimao Palace Park debuted in Beijing On July 19, Shimao Group (enterprise area, its real estate) held a press conference on "Shimao's top products · Shimao Palace Garden series and Beijing Shimao Palace Garden product recommendation" at China World Hotel. Can". As the top product series of Shimao Group, the high-profile appearance of "Beijing Shimao Palace Garden" indicates that Shimao Group, which is recognized as the "Godfather of Luxury Houses" in the industry, has once again upgraded its top products. Three years ago, Shimao Group began to prepare for the standardization of Shimao Group's properties. At present, it has gradually formed seven product series in two categories: low-density and complex. Through the upgrading of product design and manufacturing capabilities, the effective integration of resource advantages, quality The systematic supervision and control have formed Shimao's core competitive product series to meet the needs of customers in different cities and at different levels. The "Shimao Palace Garden" product series is the top apartment property among the seven product series of Shimao Group. Assistant President of Shimao Group The purpose of this series is to develop the top luxury residential areas in first- and second-tier cities in China. It has gathered Shimao's various advantageous resources in planning and design, landscape greening, building facades, hardcover standards, private clubs, and property services, making it the highest in the city. Tailor-made for the elite class. The "Beijing Shimao Palace Garden" is the first appearance of this series of products in Beijing. Mr. Xu Shitan, Executive Director of Shimao Real Estate, according to relevant Shimao spokespersons, Beijing Shimao Palace Garden is designed with the "Alhambra Palace" Royal Court in Granada, Spain as its design concept, and carefully planned in terms of planning scale and landscape design. Shimao Group, which specializes in finely decorated luxury homes, has selected world-renowned top building materials for this first launch project, and invited a well-known overseas interior visual design team to create a luxury space with gems and diamonds as the theme. It is particularly worth mentioning that the project will also provide owners with customized private club services. It is reported that the private club will provide Michelin-starred catering customization and private exclusive services of world-class cuisine. The author learned that the Beijing Shimao Palace Garden project is located at the core of the CBD in the prime area of the East Third Ring Road, with a panoramic view of the entire Tuanjie Lake Park, and the bustling area of Sanlitun to the west. The total construction area is nearly 48,666 square meters, and only 202 sets are scarce in the city. Mansions and a handful of duplexes. In addition to the convenient transportation network and the huge core value of the CBD, it is also the only luxury mansion with park landscape decoration on sale in the CBD area. I would like to comment that on July 19, Shimao Group (enterprise area, its properties) held the "Shimao Top Products · Shimao Palace Garden Series Press Conference and Beijing Shimao Palace Garden Product Recommendation Meeting" at the China World Hotel. As the top product series of Shimao Group, the high-profile appearance of "Beijing Shimao Palace Garden" indicates that Shimao Group, which is recognized as the "Godfather of Luxury Houses" in the industry, has once again upgraded its top products. Three years ago, Shimao Group began to prepare for the standardization of Shimao Group's properties. At present, it has gradually formed seven product series in two categories: low-density and complex. Through the upgrading of product design and manufacturing capabilities, the effective integration of resource advantages, quality The systematic supervision and control have formed Shimao's core competitive product series to meet the needs of customers in different cities and at different levels. The "Shimao Palace Garden" product series is the top apartment property among the seven product series of Shimao Group. Assistant President of Shimao Group The purpose of this series is to develop the top luxury residential areas in first- and second-tier cities in China. It has gathered Shimao's various advantageous resources in planning and design, landscape greening, building facades, hardcover standards, private clubs, and property services, making it the highest in the city. Tailor-made for the elite class. The "Beijing Shimao Palace Garden" is the first appearance of this series of products in Beijing. Mr. Xu Shitan, Executive Director of Shimao Real Estate, according to relevant Shimao spokespersons, Beijing Shimao Palace Garden is designed with the "Alhambra Palace" Royal Court in Granada, Spain as its design concept, and carefully planned in terms of planning scale and landscape design. Shimao Group, which specializes in finely decorated luxury homes, has selected world-renowned top building materials for this first launch project, and invited a well-known overseas interior visual design team to create a luxury space with gems and diamonds as the theme. It is particularly worth mentioning that the project will also provide owners with customized private club services. It is reported that the private club will provide Michelin-starred catering customization and private exclusive services of world-class cuisine. The author learned that the Beijing Shimao Palace Garden project is located at the core of the CBD in the prime area of the East Third Ring Road, with a panoramic view of the entire Tuanjie Lake Park, and the bustling area of Sanlitun to the west. The total construction area is nearly 48,666 square meters, and only 202 sets are scarce in the city. Mansions and a handful of duplexes. In addition to the convenient transportation network and the huge core value of the CBD, it is also the only luxury mansion with park landscape decoration on sale in the CBD area. i want to comment