"Super fans" join Lin Yilun's dressing room like a flower shop (Photos) Sina Entertainment News on the evening of the 11th, the famous director Lai Shengchuan (blog)'s first mainland original stage play "Watch TV with Me" successfully concluded its performance in Hangzhou. With another successful national tour, Lin Yilun (Tingge blog), who has performed more and more well in the field of stage plays in recent years, brilliantly interprets the male lead "Little Li" in the play, with his acting skills and understanding of the role. It has been affirmed and praised by local audiences and the media. The dressing room turned into a flower shop boss Fans love Lin Yilun's dressing room as the most representative of a person's popularity index. Yesterday, the reporter deliberately used the name of the interview to visit the private dressing room of Lin Yilun, who is known as the most popular in the crew. As soon as he stepped into the room , The eyes full of flowers and snacks immediately made the reporter a little dazed, as if being in a flower shop plus a convenience store (Tingge blog). Although Lin Yilun's love for snacks has been spread all over the country when a reporter visited the class in the early stage, it is better to hear it than to see it. This time I finally saw the super dressing room of the gourmet Lin Yilun. Sure enough, the name of "understanding life and living" is not a casual talk. Although I was mentally prepared for snacks, the table full of flowers still surprised the reporter. Lin Yilun only participated in one performance in Hangzhou, why are there so many fans? When asked, it turned out that many factory bosses who coveted Lin Yilun came to Hangzhou to support Lin Yilun from other places, and watched the performance while chasing after signing the endorsement products. There are dramas and advertisements in the pocket, no wonder Lin Yilun plays extraordinarily hard. A healthy image that has remained unchanged for ten years and has been loved by advertisers for more than ten years. Lin Yilun's image has always been healthy and sunny, and there are few scandals and negative images. In recent years, in addition to making big moves in his singing career, he has successfully set foot in many fields such as hosting, film and television dramas, drama, writing, etc., becoming a veritable "multi-resident star", and has also been known and loved by more audiences. Lin Yilun's love for life and keen sense of fashion have made him a recognized "quality man". With time, he has also developed the charm of a mature man. At the same time, Lin Yilun has been actively committed to public welfare and charity, and participated in a lot of social work. This year, Lin Yilun has become an "Olympic all-rounder". From being elected as the Olympic torchbearer to applying to become an Olympic volunteer, from filming the Olympic charity film to singing at the closing ceremony of the Olympic Games, he has contributed to the Olympic Games to the greatest extent possible. Lin Yilun's positive image has always been widely loved by people. She has both popularity and affinity. It is no wonder that advertisers will go to Hangzhou to "go to the door" to sign contracts.