Interpretation of Bao Ge’s five elements: The handicap indicates that Manchester City will have a cold Bremen to be brave: Black VS Arsenal recommendation: 0 Bremen VS Kotbu recommendation: 3 This issue is the winner and loser, there are many evenly matched games, and there are many choices Difficulty, for now I am optimistic about the two games of Arsenal and Bremen, who have the upper hand in the confrontation. The previous game was limited by funds. Black VS Arsenal: From the perspective of the confrontation, Arsenal has 8 wins, 1 draw and 1 loss, and the advantage is very large. Judging from the recent state, Blake has 1 draw and 1 loss in the past two rounds, and his state is average. Aocai's initial set and bet set are both handicap in the away hemisphere, and the Premier League visiting team has a high winning rate. Bremen VS Kotteb: In the past clashes, Bremen has 3 wins, 1 draw and 1 loss at home, occupying a certain advantage. From the perspective of state, Bremen has 2 draws and 1 loss in the past 3 rounds, and has not yet won a game in the new season, but Kotteb has 1 draw and 2 losses, and the performance is even worse. Under the deep plate, the football lottery single 3 is the guts. Cold: Manchester City VS Chelsea Recommendation: 30 Cologne VS Bayern Recommendation: 10 In the middle of next week, the Champions League group stage is about to start. For the teams participating in the Champions League, the league may be reserved this weekend; The home team's stubborn resistance is also prone to upsets. Manchester City VS Chelsea: In past encounters, Chelsea has 8 wins, 1 draw and 1 loss, but has only lost once, that is, they lost to Manchester City on the road. Aocai's initial match is the guest handicap half/1. If it is lowered to the guest handicap on the spot, the Premier League home team has 3 wins, 1 draw and 2 losses, and there is a high chance of a big cold. Cologne VS Bayern: In the first 3 rounds of the new season, Bayern has only 1 win, and the team's state is not very good. Last summer, Cologne beat Bayern in the warm-up match and was not afraid of the giants. Home and away records, support the two teams to draw a game. Football lottery supplement 1. Other reminders: In this issue, the home and away records are based on the data of the new season. Therefore, there is a single 1 choice in some games, because the home team and the away team are both tied at 1; the recent status includes before the new season. 3 rounds and the last 2 rounds of last season. From the perspective of the confrontation, Manchester United, Arsenal and Chelsea all have 8 wins, 1 draw and 1 loss, with obvious advantages; Hertha has won 5 games against Wolff at home, and has a big psychological advantage. From the preliminary point of view, the Premier League has several draw/semi-initial games, which are maintained on the spot and have a high probability of winning or losing in the near future; if the hemisphere is raised on the spot, the Premier League home team has a high chance of remaining unbeaten; there are several draws and preliminary games in the Bundesliga. , When the new season started like this, the visiting team got 3 points, and the football lottery cannot easily lose 0.