Group photo: Zhou Yumin Zhang Junning's "Fighting Tea" premiere will be intimately talking about friendship Sina Entertainment News The movie "Fighting Tea" starring Zhou Yumin (Ding Song) and Zhang Junning will have its premiere on the evening of the 30th. The hero and heroine cooperated in the movie "Tea Fighting" and then cooperated with the TV series "Ruffian Hero ()", so they gradually developed a good relationship and tacit understanding, and had a good chat. In fact, the two have known each other because of Director Cai's relationship long before they cooperated, and now they are working together on idol dramas, making their friendship more and more profound. Today is the first time for the two to promote a movie on the same stage, and the two who just came to promote together from the Kaohsiung "Ruffian Hero" crew on leave have been sharing the ups and downs of filming and publicity along the way. The two protagonists challenged roles that they had never tried in this film. Zaizai (Ting Ge) played both righteous and evil characters in the play. In the corner of the film, the emotions are often brewing without saying a word, but because of this, the director complained that he often couldn't find the male lead when he wanted to shoot. Zaizai also responded mischievously, saying that if he could find it, it would not be a secret corner. And the heroine Zhang Junning also tried to perform on a large scale in the play instead of her previous role of bitterness. In the play, she exerts her feminine charm and has been seducing the character Yagi played by Teruyuki Kagawa to achieve her goals. Although she overcomes the obstacles in her heart to show a professional side, she still feels very embarrassed. Talking about the feeling of working with Zai Zai, Zhang Junning said that Zai Zai can bring you closer to the emotions in the play and is a good opponent. In addition to the director and the two male and female protagonists attending the premiere today, all the actors who performed in the play also dressed up to attend the event to create momentum for the film, including the golden horse actress Yang Guimei, Lu Mingjun, Yu Taiyan (Ting Song), Wang Yilu and other actors. Let's join together and cheer for the upcoming movie on August 1st. TUNGSTAR/Text and Map