The Ministry of Foreign Affairs reminds tourists to prepare all materials when going to France. On April 21, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of China reminded Chinese citizens going to France to prepare all materials for entry and transit. In recent years, with the tightening of France's immigration policy, the French airport border defense has recently increased the inspection of passengers going to France. The specific measures are: (1) Check the documents at the door of the aircraft. Once the passport or visa problem is found, immediately The original aircraft will be repatriated, and the relevant airlines will be fined at the standard of 5,000 euros per illegal immigrant; (2) If the entry materials of those who go to France are incomplete, they may be refused entry. These materials include: a valid Schengen visa (preferably a French visa), a valid proof of reception or original invitation letter, a certificate of medical insurance, a return ticket order, a sufficient amount of money (such as staying at a relative’s house, the standard is 25 euros per day; The standard is 50 euros per day for staying in hotels); (3) Measures such as temporary custody of passports, centralized personnel placement, and escort boarding are taken for passengers (including those on official business trips) who transfer to Africa or South America. In addition, Paris-Charles de Gaulle Airport is divided into the international area and the Schengen area. In the international area, you can transfer to non-Schengen countries. If you go to Schengen countries, you need to enter the Schengen area to transfer, so you must apply for a Schengen visa in advance. The Department of Consular Affairs of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and the Chinese Embassy in France remind Chinese citizens and groups who plan to travel to France or transit in France to learn more about French regulations in advance and calmly deal with their entry inspections. If you are treated unfairly, do not have a head-on conflict with them, please write down the other party's name, work permit number and other information and contact the relevant airport departments and the Chinese embassy in France in time. (Reporter: Zhong Xin)