 Dialogue with Judge Yu Nan of the Chicago Film Festival: Chicago does not believe in tears This time, Yu Nan's revisit to Chicago's hometown is in a different mood. When receiving an exclusive conversation with Sina Entertainment, Yu Nan just came back from the outside and showed the photos she just took next to the water tower, a landmark building in Chicago. Due to the jet lag that day, Yu Nan's face was slightly pale, but he was still in high spirits. She said, "Chicago is no stranger to me, it once gave me the highest honor, and my films and performances have been greatly recognized here. It’s a very cordial feeling to be back in Chicago.” Sina Entertainment: I came to Chicago again, this time to be a judge for the film festival, and my mentality must be different from the last time, right? Yu Nan: Definitely not the same. The last time was when the film "Tuya's Marriage" was shortlisted for the film festival finals and came to Chicago. At that time, "Tuya's Marriage" had won some awards internationally. The movie was relatively famous, but not many people The media knew me, and I came with the movie, but because I was also shortlisted for the finals, I was still a little nervous. No matter how calm my mind was, as soon as I entered the awards venue, I was infected by the atmosphere. Anyone can be focused and nervous, especially the moment before the announcement. Then I won the award, and then there were flowers, applause, and honors. These were things that I could only encounter abroad at that time. At that time in China, I had not been recognized and known by many people, so I was very excited and excited. It’s different now, mainly because of my identity. I’m here to be a judge this time. I’m quite different from the participating actors in terms of my mood. I also attach great importance to it and I’m nervous, but it’s different. professional opinion, I think this identity is very serious, because my opinion will affect the score of the film, so I watch the film very seriously and attentively. On the other hand, I also regard this opportunity as a good study The opportunity to see so many excellent films from all over the world at one time is really a very exciting thing for me. Sina: I just went outside to have a look, right? You are no stranger to Chicago, right? Yu Nan: (laughs) I’m not unfamiliar, mainly emotionally. I’m familiar with many places, but it’s still the same as it was before. It’s kind of friendly, because last time I really thought Chicago was beautiful. The weather, and the color of the building, it feels very good. In fact, it may be due to emotional reasons. I know many officials of the film festival. When they see me, they are very kind and comfortable. They feel like they are not guests but home. (laughs) I also acted as a guide for the other judges, doing my best as a "landlord". Sina: The most important job in these two days is watching movies, right? Yu Nan: You are right. I think you are very accurate. In fact, the most correct meaning of my coming to Chicago this time is to work, to do the work of evaluation and evaluation. These days, I basically watch movies with professional judges from all over the world. Sina: As far as the films you've seen so far, are there any that are very impressive? Yu Nan: I watched "Gomorrah" and "Wendy And Lucy" today. Italian director Matteo Garrone's "Gomorrah" left a deep impression on me. This is a film about Italian gangsters, but it is different from previous gangster films. The film consists of 5 stories, interspersed with nodes, and the suspense is unraveled until the mafia's atrocities are revealed at the end. Watching such a film is actually very enjoyable, but after watching it, the judges from all over the world were touched. At that time, the judges looked solemn. Although they did not communicate with each other before the judgement, it was obvious that everyone was shocked. . In addition, "Wendy And Lucy", this is a warm dog hunting story told by director Kelly REICHARDT. At the 61st Cannes Film Festival, "Wendy And Lucy" was shortlisted as a participating film in a kind of attention unit, which once attracted worldwide attention. Attention, the orphan Wendy encounters all kinds of hardships in the process of finding her pet dog Lucy, and finally finds out Lucy's whereabouts? After a series of twists and turns, Wendy sees that Lucy has found a new owner and is resting comfortably in the beautiful garden grass? Wendy said goodbye with tears in her eyes. When I saw that time, I believe everyone would be moved. The director and the female lead had such a great sense of proportion. In fact, in addition to the film, I also want to say that the accurate and touching performance of the heroine of "Wendy And Lucy" Michelle Williams (Ding Song) makes me believe that she has come out of the grief of the death of her fiancé and regained her heart. Michelle Williams is a great actress. She was once nominated for the Best Supporting Actress Oscar for "Brokeback Mountain" and was known to the world audience, but it is well known that her fiance is also one of the leading actors of "Brokeback Mountain". The death of Heath Ledger made her say goodbye to movies for a while, but this time I saw her reinvigorated Michelle Williams in Wendy And Lucy. Michelle Williams' performance has been recognized and praised by many judges, and she is reinvigorated to convey the warmth of the world to the world, and at the same time, she is also announcing to the world that Chicago does not believe in tears. Sina: Did your own film come to the exhibition this time? Yu Nan: "Double Food" (blog) is here to participate. Sina: How did the audience respond? Yu Nan: It's on show, I still don't know what people think about it. I'm looking forward to hearing what foreign audiences say about my performance. Sina: In the past two days, many foreign media have reported about your presence in Chicago. Yu Nan: Well, maybe because of the reason that I came to participate in the competition last year, everyone is still very impressed with me. In addition, "Speed Racer" was also released in the United States before, so there are a lot of media interviews in the past two days.