On August 29, Leju R&F Bay Hundreds of Villas Fengshui Salon ended perfectly, interpreting modern villas, the way of Fengshui! On August 29, 2009, the Habitat Home Fengshui Salon held by Leju and R&F was a blast! In the afternoon, the autumn air is crisp. R&F Bay (forum photo album apartment type sample room map search) sales office was crowded, and Leju netizens and R&F Bay owners gradually came from all directions to listen to their long-awaited authoritative masters on the mysteries of feng shui, home design, etc. Interpretation, the salon carries home furnishing and living as a starting point, and comprehensively analyzes the mystery of home planning and living feng shui from many aspects such as career, life, wealth, and connections. 14:00, the event officially started. More than 100 netizens and owners off the stage, Yi Xue masters and well-known designers on the stage... During the teaching and communication, the scene demonstrated the harmony between people and families. Time: 13:30-17:00, August 29, 2009 Venue: R&F Bay Sales Office (Exit 10 of Jingcheng Expressway - Exit of Baima Road to the east - Turn right on Youdi Road for 2 kilometers) Salon 1: Home and Fengshui Mystery Time: 13:30-15:00, August 29, 2009 Guests: Executive Director of Beijing Yipu Traditional Culture Development Center, Vice President of China Huaxia Book of Changes Research Association, Vice President of Chinese Name Culture Research Association, World Zen Culture Secretary General of Academic Exchange Association, President of International Yixue Culture Research Institute, President of International Yixue Culture Research Association Yi Puboloni Flagship Decoration Engineering Company Temach Villa Expert Designer Yu Xiaoqiang Xinshi Space Decoration Art Company General Manager She Da Series Activities : On August 30th, Leju joined hands with the Danish Town Kanyu Forum to attract hundreds of people to participate in the event Moderator: Sina Leju Xing Xiaoli The following is the record of the salon Moderator: Dear Sina netizens, come to the beautiful after this beautiful afternoon R&F Bay participated in our event today. In fact, our organizers Sina Leju and R&F Bay have a common wish. On Saturday afternoon, let everyone come here to visit the beautiful scenery and communicate with the master face-to-face. Feng shui is also a topic that everyone is concerned about. The friends who are here today are also very interested in home feng shui, so we invited two masters today to analyze the unpredictable and mysterious things about home and feng shui. First of all, I would like to introduce the guests present: Executive Director of Beijing Yipu Traditional Culture Development Center, Vice President of China Huaxia Yijing Research Association, Vice President of Chinese Name Culture Research Association, Secretary General of World Zen Tao Culture Academic Exchange Association, International Yixue Culture Mr. Yipu, Dean of the Research Institute and President of the International Yixue Culture Research Association, and Mr. Yu Xiaoqiang, the expert designer of Timach Villa, our flagship decoration engineering company of Boloni, and Mr. She, the general manager of Xinshi Space (Beijing) Decorative Art Space Co., Ltd. Today is an event jointly organized by R&F and Sina. The leaders of R&F and Sina are doing the behind-the-scenes work. I said that you can give a speech today. They said that they should leave the precious space for our masters and netizens to interact. In the first salon session, some of the netizens present today are owners of R&F Bay, and there are also some Sina netizens who are interested in buying a house. How do you choose the type of apartment when buying a house? I myself have encountered such an embarrassment. I have some doubts about which type of apartment is more suitable for me. We are interested in Feng Shui while talking about the type of apartment. Everyone thinks it is very mysterious and a very good topic. Today we will analyze it on the spot. First of all, please ask Boloni Mr. Yu Xiaoqiang, an expert designer of Timach Villa from the flagship decoration engineering company, talked about how to choose the type of apartment. The picture shows the interpretation of Yu Xiaoqiang, the expert designer of Timach Villa, the flagship decoration engineering company of Boloni, Yu Xiaoqiang: Good afternoon, everyone! I took a look at the apartment types in R&F Bay just now. The work arranged for me today is how to choose the type of apartment and what type of apartment is a good type of apartment. I will talk to you about these aspects. Whether a unit is good or bad is definitely unique to a certain family, especially the home decoration is unique to a family. We say that all the units that the developers do now are good and bad. The layout design is based on the public's aesthetic standards. The case is designed according to the strong demand of the public, but for Kato, conversely speaking, the quality of a house is good or bad. For a family, there are places that pay more attention, and places that don’t pay attention. For example, this apartment type (picture), what space in the basement, what space on the first floor, and what space upstairs, he has very systematic design standards, for families, the population is different, a family of three or a family of two , the needs for houses and homes are different. How to choose the type of apartment that suits you is different from every family. It must be some aesthetic standards of your family's population and my age group. Some people like modern , Some people like Chinese-style home furnishing, speaking from the heart, modern people live at this node in 2009, what kind of life do we need, what we need is modern life, modern life is very fast-paced, medieval life is relatively slow, It may take a month or two to walk from Nanjing to Beijing, but now it takes an hour or two. The pace of life is different for family life. You live in this society, and we have to plan according to the current family. In addition, there are not many houses like this in Beijing now. When I saw the villa in R&F Bay today, I felt very good. Why are modern villas good? And the demand for lighting, everyone knows that houses are regional, unlike people, I am here today, and I will fly to the south tomorrow. I live in Hainan in winter and Beijing in summer. People can move, but houses cannot. Migration, the physical requirements for ventilation and lighting in the house are different. We have seen that the sunshine of the houses in Hong Kong is not very good, and the windows are not very large, because the sunshine is very sufficient, and the control of the temperature is different if the light is too sufficient. The same is true in the north. If the houses in the north have many large glass windows, there will be problems with heating in winter. Fortunately, Beijing has four distinct seasons, which are hot in summer and cold in winter. I will talk about the second question. The choice of apartment type must be suitable for your needs. What is a good apartment type must be the best one for you. We chose R&F Bay today. The owners who have already bought a house will prove it with their own actions. Your choice, the owner who has not yet bought a house can see if there is any suitable for you. For example, when some of my friends are studying abroad, when they study design in the West, they study art design, and when they study in universities, it is not like we start with history and then look at houses. They start with a Residential, for example, we are talking about residential design. We all know that plants have phototropism, and so do humans. All living things have phototropism. The design of a house's light, whether good or bad, accounts for 60% of the house. Everyone knows that the tower is not good, why it is not good, because the ventilation is not good, why the slab floor is good, it is because the ventilation is good, many of us talk about the house in Beijing, we say that the width of the house is more than ten meters, this is talking about sunshine Adequate and good ventilation. In fact, there is another point, that is, the basement. Since we have chosen a villa, let's talk about the basement. Some basements are semi-basements, some are full basements, and there are scattered villas. There is a ground floor at the back. These things are good for light and ventilation. Pursuit is people-oriented. As for architecture, we talked about architecture just now. In fact, the main body of the building should be people-oriented. Everything is designed around people, not the house. What style do you like, I will design it for you, European style or classical style. In fact, these are all taken out of context. What you do is a thoughtful project. After your house is finished, it is just a matter of landscaping. Now that the real estate has been developed for so many years, now we are not talking about how to wear a good-looking one. Instead, it returns to the person itself. Whether people are comfortable, safe, and happy in this house is the focus of the current design. When we talk about designing large apartments, we talk about moving lines. When people walk through the family, there is a moving line, such as east, west, dining room, study, bedroom, etc., there will be some correlation between their moving lines. Interspersed, a good designer is the first element of the design in a good space. Then there is the home decoration design. Now the issues that home decoration design should pay attention to is also what I focus on. What is the key point of home decoration design? As we said just now, the focus of home decoration is a bit like a person. Okay, the same goes for home decoration, you can do whatever you like, but the more important thing is functionality, and the quality of the function has a huge impact on life. For example, is there a cloakroom at the entrance? If there is no cloakroom, you will put your clothes and shoes in a mess. People say that the bigger the living room, the better, but this is not the case. I like the Japanese style, why do Japanese housewives keep their homes very clean, because they have better storage space, there is space for storing a certain functional item around each function, the cloakroom, the candy cabinet in the living room, the remote control There are different cabinets and more storage space. As long as you design the storage function, your home can be really beautiful and comfortable. As you all know, when you look at the model room, you will be full of passion after reading it. After you buy it, the model room will not be as beautiful, because no one lives in the model room. Once the things are placed, it is not a model room, so a good design, in order to achieve these things, must make the storage space well, this is not contradictory. I think the functions in the home decoration must be well designed according to the population of the home, the age group of the home, the elderly need barrier-free design, and the children need no sharp objects. These things need to be designed according to the age group, different people have different design needs, everyone Now we are talking about accessibility, and whether some elevators can enter wheelchairs are all humanized requirements for these. I can't do it one-to-one. I can only say that everyone should pay attention to the storage function, the light and climate of the storage space. Now when I make a plan, I divide the construction and equipment design of the home improvement site into two parts, and the equipment design is divided into two parts. Intelligent equipment, comfortable equipment, intelligent security, monitoring, etc., as well as comfortable equipment, for example, what is the difference between floor heating, air conditioning heating, radiator heating, and ground source heat pumps in terms of energy saving, many of our customers even I think that there are many large glass curtain walls, glass curtain tops, and some lighting at night that can be used without energy consumption and without wasting social resources. This is also part of the design. Too much to expand. thank you all! Moderator: Mr. Yu’s speech is very exciting. Today, we also prepared a home for you together with Kebao Boloni and Xinji Space. There is a lottery for ten people who can see the apartment for free. Bring up the lottery box, and Sina’s small The ronin and the beautiful cushions, please also take out Teacher Yu together. (Lottery draw) Moderator: Thank you, Mr. Yu. Just now, Mr. Yu said from the perspective of looking at the type of apartment. After looking at the type of apartment, the most important thing is the decoration. Teacher Yu said just now that there is a popular saying, light decoration and heavy decoration. The knowledge of accessories is very great. The model room is really beautiful. After you buy the house, you find that it is not like that when you decorate it yourself. The first people are definitely not as big as the developers. The things we buy are not as good as them, and they are well-known. It was designed by designers. When we did it ourselves, we were lacking in knowledge. Today, we are very happy to invite experts in well-known designers, including She Da, general manager of Xinshi Space (Beijing) Decorative Arts Co., Ltd., Please tell me how to decorate our house. The picture shows She Da, general manager of Xinshi Space Decorative Art Company, giving a passionate speech. She Da: First of all, I would like to thank Sina and R&F Bay for giving me such an opportunity to communicate with you. I don't have much time, ten minutes, ten minutes to talk about furnishings It is difficult, but I want to share with you the key point after buying a house and moving in, which is the later decoration. Many people say that when buying a house, it is necessary to decorate. Just now, Teacher Yu said that when decorating, you should consider the function first, and the second one. It is storage, and the third is about the arrangement of moving lines. After you complete the basic work of hard decoration, you will find that I have also added a lot of furniture, fabrics, paintings, and accessories. Many people want me to buy things by myself, why please design Designer design, in fact, is like this, the atmosphere presented in your home, each component can not be ignored, I will briefly talk about some of the processes we make in the display, let's see if these processes will give you some inspiration. Whether you buy a well-decorated house, or hire a brand company such as Cobao or Dongyi Risheng for decoration, after the decoration, what you need to do in the later stage is the soft decoration. The first step is to carry out the scene. The most important thing in the on-site measurement is to see the scale of each different space. Through this scale, we can infer what kind of cabinet I use, how big the cabinet is, and what kind of bed I use. How tall and long, and what kind of desk should be placed in the study, if you go to the market to buy furniture without considering the size, it will be too small or too large in the house, and the combination of traffic lines will have problems. Combination, determine how each function is used, when I do hard decoration of children's room, do not have hard edges and corners, which is not safe for children, the elderly consider the barrier-free moving line, and should consider when soft decoration Children's preferences for colors, for example, some children like Xiyangyang and Huitaro, you have to take into account your lights, fabrics, etc. The function of positioning is actually to guide you what kind of decorations you buy. The other is style. Everyone's understanding of style is different, but if a house does not have a main line, your house will be messy at any time. Before determining the decoration of the house, you must first determine the style, whether the style is European or European. It is partial to the Chinese style. After it is determined, you must follow the ratio of 30% and 70%. On this basis, you must meet the color requirements. The next step is the furniture. The customization of the furniture, the cutting of fabrics, lamps, and paintings should also be considered. Many people think that the paintings are good-looking, no matter where they are placed, they are good-looking. In a very modern room, you can hang them inside. A European-style painting will definitely have conflicts, including the customization of carpets and lighting. Because of the long entry into many rooms, everyone considers whether the theme wall should have light. Whether you are making a fireplace or painting, there is no light. Spiritually, after you meet these points, you still have to find a rule in the end. These are more specific. Now I invite you to take a look at the model rooms that we have been committed to providing developers with different high-end projects for so many years. When we were making model rooms, the developers said, which customers in our areas want to come here to buy houses, and what do these customers need? The way of life, soft decoration is to improve the quality of life. Let’s take a look at the works of the model rooms we have done, and let everyone understand our understanding of style by looking at these. (Picture) This is the American style we have done before. Everyone sees that the curtains and fabrics are a system. We see that we deliberately and the paintings on the wall. The flowers and patterns that appear in each object are The style of North America, this requires unity and coordination when it comes to soft decoration. When choosing colors, it is necessary to consider that all the colors are divided into each item, ornament, and furniture. Only when they meet the proportion of colors, will they not Inconsistency occurs. You can see that all the furniture, including fabrics, are custom-made by ourselves. You can see that the color we use is very bold, and the color is very obvious. The carpet and wallpaper have coral elements. When you see this style, this is the model room we made for the first developer. This project is in Sanlitun. There, many buyers are very young, prefer fashion, and like this theme. The color is very coordinated and consistent. This is the color unity we pursue in different categories and different compositions. The premise of color unity Next, our themes are all taking the fashion route, including the styles of our furniture. This is the improvement of the quality of life brought by soft clothing. In the process of purchasing and purchasing soft furnishings, everyone must choose, what style do I like in my house, and I can choose functions for children and the elderly of different ages in different spaces. The actual soft decoration and hard decoration are inseparable. From the perspective of the atmosphere and the details of the later stage, the soft decoration plays a relatively large role. This project is also quite characteristic. It is MOMA's Wanwanshu. All the hard decorations have been formed. We completely set off its atmosphere through soft decorations. This is a small apartment. When we made this small apartment, we fully considered the color of the layout. We made a mirror on the theme wall. The first subconsciousness of the customer entering the living room is that the living room is very large. These are two small units of Ocean Wanhe City. After matching our soft decoration, we can't feel that they are very small, and the hard decoration is the same. Through the soft decoration, we can achieve an uncertain feeling. This is also owned by R&F Group. For a famous project, we did not make any changes to the hardcover. You can see that the color runs through every accessory, or every towel, napkin, and all tableware. Today, I mainly want to communicate with you what kind of process and techniques you need to do the soft decoration in the later stage after the hard installation. If you have any questions, you can communicate with me, thank you! i want to comment