Humans may have a sixth sense of taste to perceive calcium. Sina Technology News, Beijing time on August 25th, according to the US LiveScience Network, scientists have discovered a new sense of taste, and the human tongue may taste the taste of calcium. In their research, they found that mice have the ability to taste calcium. Since rodents share many of the same genes as humans, this finding undoubtedly suggests that humans seem to have this sense of taste, too. Sweet, sour, bitter and salty are the four tastes we are most familiar with. Recently, scientists have discovered that tongue molecules called "receptors" can detect the fifth taste -- umami. Michael Tordoff, a behavioral geneticist at the Monell Chemical Senses Center in Philadelphia who was involved in the study, said: "Why stop there? My group is addressing another taste we think exists? Calcium Taste—do research.” Assuming humans could taste calcium, what would the mineral taste like? "Calcium tastes like calcium. There's no better word to describe it than that. It's a little bit bitter, maybe even a little sour. But it should feel a little bit more," Todoff said. The reason is the presence of calcium taste receptors, so it's not as simple as bitterness and acidity." When calcium is present in small amounts in drinking water, we may taste calcium. "In tap water, the calcium taste can be quite pleasant, but beyond a certain level, the calcium taste is pretty bad," Todoff said, noting that there may be a correlation between the bitterness of some vegetables and the amount of calcium close relationship. Vegetables high in calcium include kale, bok choy, and bitter gourd. One reason some people don't like these vegetables is because they taste calcium. Ironically, when calcium is added to milk and other dairy products, the mineral tends to bind to fat and protein so that we can't taste the calcium flavor of these foods. Receptors that specialize in the taste of calcium are great for our survival for one simple reason: this mineral is a key player in cell biology and good bones. Calcium deficiency can lead to a variety of chronic diseases, including osteoporosis, obesity and high blood pressure. "Many animals have a soft spot for high-calcium foods, suggesting that they can detect this mineral and meet the body's needs with high intakes," Todeff said. To study how this appetite for calcium works, Todev and his colleagues had 40 different species of mice choose between water and calcium-fortified solutions. "The vast majority of rats hate calcium, but we found that a very rare rat who binge-drinked this calcium-fortified solution, the PWK rat, drank four times as much calcium-fortified solution as water," Todoff said. ." By analyzing the DNA of the PWK mice, the researchers were able to identify two genes involved in high calcium intake. One is a calcium-sensing receptor called "CaSR," which other researchers have found in the kidney, brain and internal organs. "I didn't know this gene was in the tongue," Todev said. Another is a sweet taste receptor called "Tas1r3," a finding that the researchers described as "very unexpected." . "By measuring the electrical activity of the nerves connecting the mouse brain to the tongue, we can say with a fair degree of certainty that calcium taste can be tasted," Todoff said. "The work to be done now is whether humans have the same sense of taste as mice." He said: "Some reports think that's how it should be. We know that people have the sweet-sweet gene Tas1r3, which is precisely related to the calcium-sensing receptor CaSR. While it's unclear whether we have the same type of genes as mice, the odds are high that they have the same function. To prove that humans also possess calcium taste receptors, scientists need to study 'fresh' human tongues. "Fortunately, we don't have to sit around dying people waiting to have their tongues chopped off," Todev said. Don't want to be the one chasing the ambulance. Our eyes are on tongue cancer patients who have to have their tongues removed in order to survive. "If calcium taste receptors are found in humans, future research will revolve around whether these molecules can be bypassed," he told LiveScience. One of the reasons why some people don't get the calcium recommended by nutritionists is that many people feel that high-calcium foods don't taste good. If the taste of food can be changed, people with calcium deficiency will consume more of this nutrient. "Todeff and colleagues detailed their findings at the American Chemical Society National Congress in Philadelphia on Aug. 20. (Qiu Ling)