Martial arts master Yuan Heping recreates the legendary hero "Su Qi'er" (Photos) Su Qier's first article - writing a legend on the top of the dangerous peak The reporter also vaguely saw the crew build a two-story grass-topped tree on the top of the mountain Lou, in the film Michelle Yeoh plays the chivalrous lady Yu, who lives in seclusion in the deep mountain called "Beidou Mountain", and the wooden building is the grass house where she lives. She is here with Su Qier's wife Yuan Ying to rescue her who was framed. , Su Qier, who was infected with strange poison, and Zhou Xun who played Yuan Ying. The film has been filming on the top of the mountain for more than a week since it was launched. There are not only martial arts scenes of chasing and fighting, but also literary scenes showing the affection of Su Qier and Yuan Ying and the change of Su Qier's thinking and personality. Due to the closure of the mountain that day, the reporter could only look at the shooting scene of the stand-in from a distance on the mountainside, while the shooting in the wooden building further up and higher could not be seen. At about 6 o'clock in the afternoon, a Buick commercial vehicle drove down the mountain, and the reporter found that the kung fu actress Michelle Yeoh was sitting in the car. The next day the reporter learned that it was the last day of Michelle Yeoh's filming on the set. The chivalrous sister Yu, played by Michelle Yeoh, is Su Qi'er's savior. She doesn't have many scenes in the film, and her valiant and heroic performance of martial arts may be rarely seen in this film. One of the things that Michelle Yeoh is well-known in the crew is that she once left her mobile phone in the hotel, and the staff helped her retrieve it later. It is said that this mobile phone is worth 270,000 yuan and is a high-end diamond-encrusted mobile phone. Zhao Wenzhuo pretended to be Su Qier and turned into a bearded guest. His beloved wife and supervisor accompanied Su Qier throughout the whole process. Like Huang Feihong, he is a classic character in Hong Kong martial arts film and television dramas. "The comedy Su Qier." Although Su Qier's intelligence and superb martial arts are also shown in this film, it is more about portraying his absurd and down-to-earth character image to achieve a comedy effect, and Zhao Wenzhuo has always played a positive hero image on the screen, which has nothing to do with comedy. Not to mention, it can be predicted that the Su Qier he created is definitely not a martial arts hero full of comedy like Zhou Xingchi. Sure enough, according to the plot learned by the reporter, this new version of "Su Qi'er" is a martial arts drama. The first half of the film depicts Su Qi'er being framed suddenly and his right arm being abolished. Because of his desire for revenge, he went wrong in practice. The bitter experience of being enchanted, half crazy, half insane, and becoming a beggar, as far as the characters in the plot are concerned, it is challenging for Zhao Wenzhuo to perform. Because the mountain road was blocked, the reporter could only think of another way to go up the mountain. The next day the reporter searched and found that it was possible to climb up the mountain from the back slope of Longyun Mountain. The reporter climbed lightly for several hundred meters and came to the back of a bush near the top of the mountain. Through the bush, you could see the two-story wooden building built by the crew nearly 200 meters away. A camera and a visor were set up on the wooden building for filming. After a while, the reporter vaguely saw a man in white coarse clothes walking out of the door and standing beside the railing of the wooden building. The man had disheveled hair, a full beard, a haggard expression, and a look of impoverishment. The reporter took a closer look and found that the man was exactly the shape of Su Qier played by Zhao Wenzhuo. At the beginning of the film, Zhao Wenzhuo was seriously injured and went into seclusion in the mountains to heal his illness and practice qigong. He went through a year of spring, summer, autumn and winter. During this period, the character and fate of the protagonist took a major turn. Su Qier gradually went into trouble due to excessive practice . Zhao Wenzhuo's expression in front of the camera is dazed and strange, as if the character is in the early stage of suffering from the disease, and this kind of performance and image is a new breakthrough for Zhao Wenzhuo. "Su Qi'er" is Zhao Wenzhuo's comeback after a long absence from the big screen. According to the staff of the crew, Zhao Wenzhuo devoted himself very hard to this filming. After the pain, I personally fought with the opposite actors, and I was always exhausted when I finished filming every day. However, when Zhao Wenzhuo returned to the hotel, the reporter saw his beloved wife Zhang Danlu accompanying him. Zhang Danlu did not play a role in this film. In order to take care of her husband's body, she did not hesitate to leave her young children, accompanied by the whole crew, and was willing to be a nanny. After work, the reporter saw Zhao Wenzhuo and Zhang Danlu go out to eat. They were dressed as a couple, wearing couple slippers, holding hands side by side, showing off their sweetness. It can be said that although Zhao Wenzhuo is one of the hardest working people in the crew, he has also become the happiest person in the crew because he is accompanied by his sweet wife.