Jiang Wen, a big name with a previous record, used his mentor to start a conversation with Zhou Yun (pictured) Jiang Wen is a man, he is strong, has a big temper, has opinions and knowledge, and there are rumors on the rivers and lakes that he is only willing to be interviewed by female reporters (beauties are better), these are obviously all Jiang Wen in the eyes of the media and the public, but according to Zhang Renli, his mentor and doctoral supervisor in the Department of Chinese Opera Performance, Jiang Wen should look different. Some time ago, Mr. Zhang brought out the authentic Moutai liquor at home and invited Jiang Wen and his classmate Liu Bin to dinner. During the dinner, Mr. Zhang asked, "Where's Zhou Yun, why didn't you call me here?" Jiang Wen said, "I'm taking the children at home." Mr. Zhang Of course, it's not clear that in addition to taking care of the child, Zhou Yun is also pregnant with another small life that she and Jiang Wen jointly created. Southern Metropolis Weekly Editor: Xu Weichun Reporter: Ai Hui Southern Metropolis Weekly Electronic Edition Southern Metropolis Weekly Sina Blog "There are very few people who dare to be director Jiang Wen" In 1980, when Jiang Wengang was enrolled in the Central Academy of Drama, some teachers thought that Jiang Wen's body was not good enough , the voice is not ideal, the body and vocal music teacher asked Zhang Renli, who was in charge of the performance test at that time, if you think it is possible, we will pass it and let Jiang Wen pass. Mr. Zhang recognized that Jiang Wen was a good seedling, and said, "Let's stay!" Only when he stayed, did he know the significance was far-reaching. Jiang Wen became Mr. Zhang's most proud disciple in his life. Mr. Zhang wrote a book to explain the "Jiang Wen phenomenon". Jiang Wen is a rare talent in the entertainment industry. And for many people later, Jiang Wen may have become a difficult celebrity. Jiang Wen, the big name, can only convince Jiang Wen that Jiang Wen has a lot of ideas in acting. He often does not play cards according to common sense. He asked Teacher Zhang if he could imitate the classic performance of his predecessors in the rehearsal. For example, the teacher said yes. of. Therefore, when rehearsing "Tea House", Jiang Wen immediately turned it into a replica of "So It". The body language and the style of the lines are all similar, but compared with the whole play, it seems to be detached. But Teacher Zhang couldn't point it out directly, so he went home and thought for several days, and finally came up with the example of Peking Opera master Mei Lanfang. Mei Lanfang played Luoshen, and many younger generations imitated Mei Lanfang, so someone pointed out None of them really go to the God of Roses. So, Mr. Zhang took one night to come to Jiang Wen's dormitory. The boys in the dormitory were playing around. Mr. Zhang didn't want to talk about Jiang Wen in front of everyone, so he called out to chat. Jiang Wen said nothing, turned around and went back to the dormitory. The next day, Jiang Wen's version of "So It" was gone. This past incident made Teacher Zhang feel that it is not easy to be Jiang Wen's teacher, and he has to have sufficient reasons to persuade him to accept his point of view. The biggest name, the former Ke II, directly said that Liu Xiaoqing (blog) was not good at acting. Jiang Wen's work that became famous in one fell swoop should be Xie Jin's "Furong Town". "Gossip" (the term wasn't popular at the time). After many years, Liu Xiaoqing has always denied the relationship between himself and Jiang Wen. In an interview with this reporter, he also said that the pressure of public opinion at that time was so great that she had the idea of leaving China for a time, but Xie Jin admitted in the interview that the two are really good. Yes, we lived together for three years. Teacher Zhang said that the two had a bed scene at that time, and the director paid off the scene. Although Jiang Wen may have a good impression of Liu Xiaoqing, he also said to Teacher Zhang very directly: "Although Liu Xiaoqing has acted in many movies, but he is not a professional, and his acting is still not brilliant, and I have to teach her how to go to many scenes. Acting." It turns out that Liu Xiaoqing, who has always claimed to be the best actress in China (before and now), was inspired by Jiang Wen. Big name criminal record three