Beijing Science and Technology News: Expert Interpretation of Zhang Heng's Seismograph (Picture) Zhang Heng's seismograph restored by the research group "The statement that the seismograph can predict earthquakes deified Zhang Heng's seismograph. The main reason for this is people's understanding of ancient texts and the result of people spreading falsehoods. □Text/Jiang Yingying, a reporter from this newspaper, recently, the "Zhang Heng Seismograph Scientific Restoration" research group has completed the design of the appearance and the casting of the prototype. Soon, the public will be able to see the closest to the historical data. The "Zhang Heng Seismograph" invented in AD 132 was the first seismic instrument in human history, but it has long been lost. In 1951, Chinese archaeologist Wang Zhenduo restored and produced a wooden "Zhang Heng Seismograph" exhibition model after several years of research and research. Many people mistakenly believe that this model is the original seismograph that was unearthed more than 1,800 years ago. Wang Zhenduo uses the "upright pole principle", which is like an upside-down beer bottle, but the thin upright pole can neither work nor measure vibrations. People can only regard it as a geodetic alarm, not a kind of earthquake detector. Since 1969, scholars from China, Japan, the United States, the United Kingdom and other countries have published a series of serious criticism articles and speeches on this model. negative. Modern Western scholars even said that Zhang Heng's seismograph was lost because it did not meet the requirements of science, and it was not a scientific thing. Some scholars also said that "there is no evidence to stand alone." Because China's propaganda basis for Zhang Heng's seismograph, there are only 196 characters recorded in the "Book of the Later Han Dynasty: Zhang Heng's Biography". Restoration and propaganda based solely on this historical material is unreliable. In 1978, American seismologist Bolt also proposed in his new book that the working principle of Wang Zhenduo's model was unclear, and attached a conceptual diagram of the "Zhang Heng seismograph" that he imagined. Unbelievably, Bolt was next to the seismograph. There is also a picture of a man in a peasant costume, and this man is also Zhang Heng in the eyes of Westerners. By 2000, 13 kinds of Zhang Heng seismograph restoration models had appeared at home and abroad, and each country used their own models to explain, although they were all conceptual models, they could not be used for earthquake detection work either. In October 2003, Li Changchun, member of the Standing Committee of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee, stopped in front of the "Zhang Heng Seismograph" when he inspected the Henan Museum. He is very puzzled, as a technology so brilliant in Chinese history, why does it only have a shell and can't work? "The seismograph is a model of ancient Chinese science, and the working principle should be displayed intuitively..." His words gave everyone great encouragement. At that time, the research group in charge of researcher Feng Rui of China Earthquake Administration had carried out research on the working principle of Zhang Heng's seismometer since 2002. Based on the "suspension pendulum principle", they made the restored model a real shock detector, and passed the expert appraisal and national acceptance in April 2005. Feng Rui explained that the ground shaking caused by seismic waves is mainly horizontal shaking, while the ground shaking caused by explosions is shaking up and down. This is the most characteristic difference between non-earthquake ground movements and earthquakes. Experts in the research group analyzed a large number of historical materials and unearthed cultural relics, and did rigorous seismological calculations and experimental studies. It is concluded that Zhang Heng's seismometer is real and scientific. The most intuitive expression of the "pendant pendulum principle" used is the chandelier that people often see, which is a natural vibration detector. During an earthquake, due to the strong horizontal movement of the ground caused by the shear dislocation of the rock formations, the suspended objects will swing with it, which is very sensitive. What is particularly important is that the text of the historical materials has clearly written the action process of "the earth shakes the zun, the zun shakes, and the dragon moves". During the research, the researchers noticed that hanging objects, such as bells, hanging hammers, hanging buckets, chandeliers, hanging pots, etc., had generally appeared in the life of the Han Dynasty. When an earthquake comes, these objects hanging on it will sway suddenly and continuously, which can easily arouse people's vigilance and have the material basis for the birth of scientific ideas. Regarding the historical evidence of Zhang Heng's seismograph, Feng Rui told the "Beijing Science and Technology News" that the text is not like what is said by the outside world, which can only be found in Fan Ye's "Book of the Later Han Dynasty: Biography of Zhang Heng" in the Southern and Northern Dynasties. There are also written descriptions in Di Ji. What is even more shocking is that there are records of Zhang Heng's seismograph in Yuan Hong's "Later Han Dynasty" in the Eastern Jin Dynasty and Sima Biao's "Continued Han Shu" in the Western Jin Dynasty. These two historical materials were recorded about 70 to 150 years earlier than the "Han Han Shu", that is, more than 100 years after Zhang Heng's death. The quality and information of the texts are more accurate, complete and detailed. At present, the number of texts sorted out has increased from 196 to 238. In the archaeological relics, the wine bottle with the dome-shaped top described in the historical data has been unearthed, and the location of the seismograph on the Lingtai has been clarified by the excavation. Seismologically, it was also confirmed that it was a response to the Longxi earthquake on December 13, 134 AD (today's Tianshui area in Gansu). These new results fully relieve the doubts about the "orphan". Professor Feng Rui also mentioned that Zhang Heng's seismometer was the first seismic detector in human history, and restoring it to an upright pole alarm would reduce its scientific status and historical contribution. It should be a kind of instrument that "I only move when there is an earthquake, not when I don't move". Earthquakes caused by man-made disturbances that have feelings for people can do "I don't move"; weak seismic waves that have no feelings for people, "I spit beads". This reflects the greatness of Zhang Heng. Otherwise, the scientific value and social impact contained in "restored cultural relics" will be lost. However, Zhang Heng's seismometer is, after all, a primitive seismic measuring instrument for human beings. For example, the direction of the toad picking up the pill is considered to be the direction of the earthquake. The problem comes from the phrase "Looking for its aspects, knowing where the shock lies" in the Book of the Later Han. The word "aspect" is not a direction, but a plane with azimuth properties composed of positive and negative directions with a difference of 180 degrees. To put it simply, it is an earthquake that occurs in the east, and the fall of any one of the copper pellets in the east and west directions is correct. Because the initial vibration of the seismic wave will appear in the spatial distribution away from the epicenter and towards the epicenter at the same time. These inaccurate characters only appear in the "Han Han Shu", and are not found in the early historical materials. "The claim that the seismograph can predict earthquakes deified Zhang Heng's seismometer. The main reason for this is people's misunderstanding of ancient texts and the result of people's misunderstandings in the circulation." Feng Rui said. There is a sentence in "Book of the Later Han Dynasty": "Tasting a dragon machine, but the ground does not move, the scholars in the capital are surprised that there is no sign. In the next few days, the post (the person who delivers the letter on horseback) arrives, and the earthquake hits Longxi." It is said that the person who sent the letter only reported it a few days after the earthquake, but in the process of spreading, the Dragon Ball, which was passed as a seismograph, fell first. After a few days, an earthquake really occurred in Longxi. Validation is thus misrepresented as forecast.