Wesbury: Suspension of mark-to-market Accounting standards create unnecessary market volatility and must be suspended immediately. The following is a summary of the article: In late 2007, the US Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) amended mark-to-market accounting standards to force financial firms and auditors to use “visible” market prices rather than models or cash flow to value securities. Within a year, the United States was in the worst financial panic in a century. Is this pure coincidence? We don't think so. On the face of it, mark-to-market accounting makes some sense. Markets often offer transparent, verifiable prices, so companies can’t just make their books look better by manipulating numbers. The problem with mark-to-market, however, is that it fails to recognize that market prices for securities often deviate from the underlying asset's fundamental value. Due to the forward-looking nature of the market, mark-to-market will force financial firms to prepare for future adverse shocks that "may" occur but have not yet occurred. This would in turn set off a vicious downward cycle: capital constraints hurt banks, destroy the economy and depress price levels, and then destroy more capital. In 2008, the financial crisis intensified when liquidity in the mortgage-backed securities market froze. This has led to the withdrawal of private capital and the injection of huge amounts of liquidity by the government into the financial system. The government's actions partly caused market panic and recession. But the government-owned program is just one way of pushing mark-to-market accounting. William Isaac, the former chairman of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC), has repeatedly said that if mark-to-market accounting had been implemented in the early 1980s, the debt crisis in Latin America would destroy all of the major U.S. banks . But that didn't happen. Instead, the government gave the financial system enough time to heal itself. That should have been the case in 2008, but the FASB stubbornly stuck to mark-to-market accounting. Finally, by mid-March 2009, the US Congress began to seriously consider the issue. The FASB was forced to relax rules to allow the use of cash flow to value securities when the market is illiquid. It was this small change that played a key role. Banks were finally able to raise fresh capital, sending the stock market soaring. Market conditions have improved so much that the Fed and the Treasury are increasingly reluctant to pursue programs aimed at "saving" the financial system. But now, FASB accountants are proposing to expand mark-to-market accounting to include all financial assets and conventional loans. How this debate turns out will be extremely important. Mark-to-market accounting creates unnecessary volatility. There is no real market for bank loans. The value of any loan is determined by the parties. As a result, parties determine the viability of a financial institution and even the health of the economy. If this power were to be given to accountants, the result would be less risk taking by the banking system. That sounds great in the current environment, but imagine a group of accountants playing a football game where they stop running because the confrontation might cause a broken bone. What's the point of such a game? Mark-to-market accounting must be discontinued entirely, and the time is now. (Xingya)