Shocking news: If you want to go to an American university, your family must be as poor as possible. In American university admissions, family background has always been very important. Before World War II, especially before the twentieth century, the university was monopolized by the upper class represented by the so-called "White Anglo-Saxon Protestant" (WASP: White Anglo-Saxon Protestant). Some Jewish civilian children entered the Ivy League with excellent grades, which alarmed the vested interests. Before World War I, the Ivy League continued the European tradition of admitting students based on objective criteria for test scores. This admission policy is not as fair as it seems. For example, some subjects required by the exam, such as classical languages, etc., are not taught or rarely taught in ordinary public schools. As a result, those WASPs from private aristocratic schools still have the upper hand. However, the arrival of the Jews challenged this system. These Jewish children study hard, even in public schools, prepare well for the Ivy League entrance exam, and often beat the WASP children. New York is a Jewish settlement. Columbia University in New York bears the brunt, and the proportion of Jewish students once reached the target of more than 40%. This led to the establishment of the first dedicated "admission office" at an American university in 1910. The office's mission is to address the "Jewish problem" and reduce the number of "undesirable students" to a minimum. The way to do this is to not only look at the grades, but also look at the student's "character" (character) and "leadership" and other qualities. Of course, the evaluation of these qualities is very subjective, allowing admissions officials to bypass objective test standards. The results have paid off. By 1921, the proportion of Jewish students in Colombia was suppressed to 22%. The three giants Harvard, Yale, and Princeton quickly followed suit. Candidates entering college are no longer as simple as taking a test, but filling out detailed personal and family background information, writing autobiographical essays, and describing extracurricular activities that prove their "character" and "leadership." And, of course, letters of recommendation written by "credible" educators. The information to be processed at admissions is also increasingly complex. It didn't take long for the admissions office to become a common, permanent department in American universities. The history of American universities was thus rewritten. Despite this dirty history, the system was preserved after World War II, especially when it was used to help disadvantaged targets through "affirmation action" for racial equality, with considerable social benefits . Today, college admissions in the United States are still not just based on grades, but personal achievements outside of homework and family background are all very important factors. The school's decision-making process in these areas is also strictly confidential. This brings considerable mystery to the admissions process. Recently, two well-known universities in Massachusetts, Tuft University and Amherst College, had reporters from The Boston Globe walk into their admissions offices to oversee the entire admissions process. Finally, the reporter's observations were published in the newspapers, giving us a sense of American universities have a very specific and intuitive understanding of how to check the family background of students during the admission process. These two universities are famous schools that can compete with the Ivy League. They are known as the "Little Ivy League", and the competition for admission is very fierce. Tuft University has 15,000 applicants this year, and finally more than 3,000 students received admission notices (because most students apply to many schools at the same time, often about half of them will not come to study after getting admission notices). The admissions committee, which has seven members, meets together for the last time in March to review admissions materials. This process was dubbed the "long march" by the admissions director. At the meeting, a girl's application materials were put in front of everyone: all A grades, a girl scout member, a dancer, a classmate's tutor... However, such an excellent record was difficult to impress the committee members, and everyone quickly rejected. "There are too many people like that," said one admissions committee member. The other is the son of an Italian blue-collar worker, whose essay was a moving description of his love for food and family, as well as his relationship with his mentally handicapped younger brother, and was quickly adopted by everyone. The following is a student with a B average and a C in English. She is hard of hearing, grew up in a Spanish-speaking family and a very dilapidated and dangerous neighborhood, commuted more than an hour a day to school, and raised her younger siblings. The admissions staff argued with her: "This kid can't take it in the first year of college, but eventually she will catch up." "She has overcome a lot of hardships, and we shouldn't let such a kid fail." Ten minutes still no conclusion, finally had to postpone the decision. Amherst College's six-member admissions committee selects 1,100 students out of 7,700 applicants. A Colorado student material was presented to him. His grades were mediocre, and he would definitely fail under normal circumstances. But the admissions committee found that his father had run away from home for years, his mother had lost his job, and he had grown up in a neighborhood with a high crime rate and struggled not to fall into the trap of crime. As a result, his grades became less important, and the committee unanimously decided to admit. Another Jamaican immigrant from New York, although he scored high in the two advanced courses in American history and statistics, scored only 1180 (out of 1600) on the SAT, the main comprehensive test for college admissions, 1360 away from Amherst College students The -1530's middling level is very far off. The admissions committee found that her father had been in prison and had been deported to Jamaica. Everyone sighed: "What a difficult life!" However, in New York, there are too many such students. In the end, everyone put her on the waiting list (because about half of the students admitted to American universities do not come to study, and when the number of students who do not come to school exceeds expectations, the vacancies are filled by the students on the waiting list. Even the first-class students University, the opportunity for alternates is also quite large). A very easy unanimous student from a poor immigrant family who started speaking English at the age of eleven with outstanding achievements. Everyone had nothing to say, and put her materials into the admissions file without even raising their hands to vote. The admissions committee takes an applicant's family background very seriously: parents' occupation and income level, education, percentage of students in high school who go to college, etc. The lower these three items are, the easier the student is to be admitted. Those whose parents did not go to college are classified as SP30, and those with very low household income are classified as SP31. These two types of students have received all kinds of care in the admission process. Of course, examining the family background of students in this way is not based on the background, nor does it turn the university into a charitable organization. Its ultimate purpose is to select talents. In this selection process, the university uses social and family factors as an indicator of a student's "character." Whether you have the character to overcome difficulties and obstacles in your career in the future is the key to your success. And that character is most evident in how you "overcome life's challenges" before going to college. Of course, the hard life also strengthens your understanding of others and becomes the foundation of your "leadership." It can be seen that "character" and "leadership", which are non-objective indicators in American college admissions, were initially established to protect vested interests, but now they have basically become powerful means to assist the disadvantaged.