Cosmic particle accelerator found in Crab Nebula Powerful cosmic particle accelerator detected: A donut-shaped magnetic field surrounds the corpse of a star at the heart of the Crab Nebula. The findings, based on delicate measurements, show that high-energy radiation near the star is polarized, with its electric field aligned along the star's axis of rotation. The Crab Nebula is an expanding supernova remnant discovered by Chinese and Arab astronomers in 1054 AD, and when a star explodes, it leaves behind a dense corpse called a "pulsar." The pulsar spins 30 times per second, but as it spews particles and electric winds, the pulsar's spin slows down. Chief among these cosmic particles are electric particles, which are blasted with high-energy radiation mainly in the form of X-rays and gamma rays, which are accelerated as they pass through the Crab Nebula's magnetic field. But researchers didn't know exactly where these cosmic particles accelerated. At present, Tony Dean, a researcher at the University of Southampton in the United Kingdom, said that this phenomenon of cosmic particle acceleration usually occurs very close to pulsars. It is reported that Dean and his research colleagues came to this conclusion based on observational data from the European INTEGRAL satellite, which showed that 46% of the pulsar's gamma-ray jets are polarized, and the electromagnetic fields that accompany the photons are aligned in a common orientation. David Thompson of NASA's Goddard Space Flight Center said, "This is a very high percentage of astronomical phenomena in astrophysics, and something like this high percentage of polarization means it's in very good conditions here, and the interior The magnetic field is very orderly.” Magnetic fields with such orderliness are usually thought to occur near pulsars, whose surfaces are a trillion times stronger than Earth’s. The magnetic field is very similar to a bar magnet, and because it is so close to the pulsar, the magnetic field lines emerging from one of the poles will bend, forming a doughnut shape before returning to the other pole. "Once the magnetic field leaves the pulsar, it becomes more complicated because the magnetic field starts to break up into small pieces and nodules," Thompson told New Scientist. The results of this latest study show that the pulsar is The stream of particles in the cosmic wind is being accelerated close to the pulsar before the magnetic field becomes turbulent. Thompson said the finding matches theoretical predictions, which are difficult to observe. Only a few polarimetry methods applied to X-ray and gamma-ray wavelengths are available. This is because it is difficult to measure the polarization direction of high-energy photons, and the current testing methods are not sensitive and cannot fully Measure the polarization of distant objects. Thompson agreed with Serotti's comments, saying, "This phenomenon is very difficult to reproduce in a complex way on another pulsar, due to the fact that the Crab Nebula is very close to Earth, only 6,500 light-years away. It has become a relatively easy target to detect. The Crab Nebula is the favorite astrophysics laboratory of all astronomy researchers, and we have answered these simple questions, and now we have to do more complex research. This latest study provides insight into the magnetic field acting as an "engine" to accelerate particles, and will help researchers deduce exactly what is driving more distant, fainter objects. "Pulsars and their surrounding regions are extremely extreme," Thompson said. astrophysical example. What you know about how it works will help us understand the underlying physics of particle acceleration and the formation of magnetic fields. "(Wei Dong)