Shang Wenjie is preparing to return to Shanghai to perform □ Morning News reporter Guo Xianghe Beijing Photo Report After holding her first song "Shang Jia Sharing·Shang Wenjie 2008 Beijing Concert" in Beijing in March, "Super Girl" Shang Wenjie will usher in "Bai Li, Feel the lips, listen to the heart" Shang Wenjie's Shenzhen concert, this is the second concert in her life, and it is also a review of her music journey over the past year. On October 18th, the 2006 "Super Girl" was first sung in Shenzhen, won by Shanghai girl Shang Wenjie. At the press conference yesterday, Shang Wenjie told the Morning News reporter that she will hold her second solo concert in Shenzhen on the 18th of next month, and then she will make every effort to prepare for the Shanghai concert at the beginning of next year. In order to show her "all-rounder" talent in the concert, in addition to running in the arranger and practicing dance for 4 hours every day, Shang Wenjie has personally experienced the stage design and performance concept. Nearly half of the more than 20 songs in the concert were selected by herself. She will also "Do as the Romans do" and sing in Cantonese for the first time, covering classics such as "Under Mount Fuji" and "Break Up With Kind Hearts". In addition, she will try rock music for the first time, interpreting "WeWillRockYou" in a unique way. "Although most of my works are soft, rock is not as crazy as everyone thinks, and it can be very romantic. I really enjoy the process of getting into music." She will also be changing clothes at the concert. Five or six times, "the last time was more exaggerated, emphasizing the concept and gorgeousness, this time I pay more attention to fashion, from the design to the shape, it refers to the elements that will be popular in 2009, and the more interesting one is a set of bullfighting clothes." It is worth mentioning that the behind-the-scenes lineup of this concert. The two major organizers, Baili and Huayi, specially invited the behind-the-scenes teams participating in the Olympic Games to escort Shang Wenjie—Jin Shaogang, the chief sound engineer of the opening/closing ceremonies of the Olympic Games, and Lv Wenping, the chief lighting engineer of the Olympic Qingdao Regatta, will all appear in Shang Wenjie Shenzhen to sing. . The translation of the French works will be published at the end of the year. Yesterday afternoon, my friend Liu Xuan made a special trip to the press conference to cheer for Shang Wenjie. In addition to praising Shang Wenjie's unique temperament in music, Liu Xuan praised her for "both wisdom and beauty" three times in a row. Shang Wenjie, who appeared in a cool beauty makeup, heard this compliment, and a hint of shyness appeared on her face. Shang Wenjie, who graduated from the French Department of Fudan University, was once called "the top five French simultaneous interpreters in Shanghai" by her French teacher. After starting her music career, Shang Wenjie did not abandon her French. In her spare time, she quietly engaged in her "old profession" - French translation. "Actually, I have never let go of French. At present, I am translating a literary work by a contemporary French writer. It is not a love story, but a serious subject. It tells a story about rebuilding people's hearts. It will be published by the end of this year."