Funny Wind: Jon Stewart, America's "Little Shenyang" There are several joke-telling talk shows on American nightly TV, of which my favorite is "The Daily Show with Jon Stewart" on Comedy Central ). The host of "The News of the Day" is Jon Stewart, a New York Jew. For some reason, he often reminds me of Xiaoshenyang in China recently: he is very funny. Make people laugh! But after laughing, I can still figure out some truths in life that ordinary people have overlooked. On the surface, he is just a comedian, telling jokes. If you listen carefully, you will find that he has a lot of meaning. He sees things very sharply, and his brain turns like lightning. If he thinks that he is doing something wrong, he will He would laugh and scold bloody heads, but what he said was the truth, the truth, even if you were not convinced. Just this week, the American public applauded when Mr. Jon Stewart carried out a verbal bloodbath on CNBC, the largest financial television station in the United States. A few days ago, Stewart pointed out in an interview that in the ten years before the news storm, the three full-time financial television stations in the United States did not play a role in news observation and supervision of major investment banks. Their reports did not analyze, debate, and transparency. They have become the advertising and publicity departments of these banks, but they help the banks and themselves make money in the name of financial news. These companies are entertainment companies, and the professional ethics of journalism is long gone. He also took CNBC's "Mad Money" program as an example. The program host Jim Cramer is a well-known stock expert on Wall Street. The purpose of "Crazy Money" is to use Mr. Cramer's wisdom to educate investors, and also to provide market forecasts to investors, so that They are crazy about stocks, crazy to make money, Cramer on the show let the audience buy Meryl Lynch (Meryl Lynch) stock, and then let the audience sell stocks, all day long in front of the TV, beating gongs and drums, throwing things, It was so presumptuous that it made the stock market seem like a game. He only cares about entertaining the audience and has no market analysis. After the financial turmoil hits, he is at a loss, just like the weather forecast says it will be sunny when it rains. dereliction of duty! Unexpectedly, Mr. Stewart's voice did not fall. The next morning news, Mr. Cramer defended himself on TV, and also called Stewart just a comedian and did not understand stocks and finance. This angered Stewart, who showed the audience a clip of "Mad Money" that night: Mr. Cramer said Bear Sterns was a good stock, three days later, Bear Sterns declared bankruptcy; Cramer said Merrill was a good company, two days later, Merrill Lynch Taken by Bank of America blah blah blah, Stewart also caught Cramer lying on the spot. There are more than a dozen clips that come and go, even ironic and ironic, making the audience laugh and break their stomachs. This forced Cramer to explain to himself on other TV stations. The more he explained, the more he could not explain it. In the end, he had to be "invited" to play with Stewart on the "Daily News". Stewart took this opportunity to once again point out that CNBC lived up to expectations and the news work was not deep enough. , The lack of discernment and transparency in news reports. CNBC has become a free publicity department for major investment banks, lacking professional ethics in journalism. Like investment banks, it is one of the producers of this financial turmoil. In the end, Cramer apologized on the spot and vowed to return to justice in the future, and the two shook hands to make peace. After this public battle between Stewart and Cramer on television, there was an uproar in the American press, with everyone thinking that Stewart was telling important truths that others didn't realize. Although Stewart's show is a comedy, his appeal to the American audience in his satire and laughter is: The American press must regroup, report the facts, maintain the independence and impartiality of the news, and cannot make the news the propaganda department of the American company or the government. , otherwise the consequences are as unimaginable as today's financial turmoil or the Iraq War.