Revealing that Xie Yalong was taken away: the telephone scam of the General Administration replicates Nanyang's trajectory, Zhang Rui, a special correspondent of Sports Weekly, reported in Beijing that Xie Yalong has been officially announced by the public security department for "investigation", but when was Xie Yalong and others taken away by the Liaoning police? How was it taken away? There are many versions out there. But internal sources show that Xie Yalong and others were taken away in the same way as when Nan and Yang were taken away. At about 4 pm on September 3 (Friday), Xie Yalong received a call in the office of China Sports Industry. The call came from the State Sports General Administration, asking him to rush to the General Administration to attend a meeting. The content of the meeting was not explained. After saying hello to his subordinates, Xie Yalong went out. After arriving at the General Administration, Xie learned about the "content of the meeting" - the Liaoning police were waiting for him. Without any warning, Xie Yalong was taken to Shenyang by the police. This way is exactly the same as when Nan Yang and the others were taken away at the beginning of the year. At that time, Nan Yang also received a call from the leader of the General Administration, requesting to attend an emergency meeting overnight, and was taken away by the Liaoning police as soon as he arrived at the General Administration. In other words, the police took Xie Yalong and others away, and the leaders of the General Administration knew in advance. The Chinese sports industry did not know about it. The information they received at first, Xie Yalong, just went to the General Administration for a meeting. Therefore, China Sports Industry did not issue a notice of Xie Yalong's assistance in the investigation at the first time, but only sent it passively at the request of the China Securities Regulatory Commission. The outside world has been speculating whether Xie Yalong is assisting the investigation or has something to do with himself. The answer was not available until the morning of the 12th. The article "Police Confirm Xie Yalong and Others Have Been Filed for Investigation" appeared on the Ministry of Public Security's website "Public Security News": "The investigation is suspected of using football games for bribery and gambling series. In the case, the public security and procuratorial organs obtained clues and reports on the involvement of Xie Yalong, the former vice chairman of the Chinese Football Association, Li Dongsheng, the former director of the referee committee of the Chinese Football Association, and Wei Shaohui, the former leader of the national football team. The task force has filed cases for Xie Yalong, Li Dongsheng, and Wei Shaohui in accordance with the law." The news program of the CCTV news channel at noon that day also reported the news that Xie Yalong and others were filed for investigation. Around 5:00 pm, various portal websites published a statement from the Chinese Football Association: "The public security organs have filed a case against Xie Yalong, Li Dongsheng, and Wei Shaohui in accordance with the law. .Foot Management Center resolutely implements the General Administration's 'governing football fake, gambling, illegal and criminal acts, resolutely punish corruption, rectify the football world, resolutely support and cooperate with the public security department to crack down on football fake, gambling, illegal and criminal activities in accordance with the law, and will not tolerate it' Please do your job well." It has been 10 days since Xie Yalong and others were taken away by the police. According to relevant laws, the 14th day (that is, September 16) will be a "hurdle", because if the problem is serious, if the evidence is conclusive, the "investigation" will likely evolve into "formal arrest".