The Shenzhou 7 manned space flight will be carried out from September 25th to 30th. Xinhuanet. Jiuquan, September 6th (Reporter Sun Yanxin) The spokesperson of China's manned space project announced on the 6th that the Shenzhou 7 manned space flight mission will be completed. The headquarters held the first meeting on the 6th and decided that the Shenzhou 7 manned space flight will be implemented from September 25th to 30th. The Shenzhou 7 spacecraft began to refuel on September 7. The major systems for carrying out the Shenzhou 7 manned space mission have entered the final state of preparation, the spokesman said. The Shenzhou 7 spacecraft, the Long March-2F carrier rocket, the extravehicular space suit and the accompanying satellites have completed the main test work in the launch site area. All preparations. The astronaut flight crew carried out a man-ship-arrow-ground joint exercise at the launch site, with proficient operating skills and good physical and psychological conditions. After the Shenzhou 7 spacecraft is filled with propellant, it will be docked with the rocket and transported vertically to the launch station for final status inspection and confirmation. After the mission headquarters decided to refill the rocket propellant, choose an opportunity to launch the spacecraft. It is reported that the "Shenzhou VII" manned spacecraft that was originally scheduled to be launched in October will be launched to the end of this month. The specific time is expected to be between the closing of the Beijing Paralympic Games and the National Day on the 11th. According to Hong Kong's "Wen Wei Po", one of the three astronauts who went to the sky with the "Shen Qi" will perform an extravehicular walking mission, realizing the first Chinese astronaut outing activity. The launch process of the "Shenzhou 7" manned spacecraft will be redefined, Zhang Yulin, director of the China Jiuquan Satellite Launch Center and commander of the manned space engineering launch site system, said recently at Dongfeng Aerospace City in western China that the launch of the Shenzhou 7 manned spacecraft Work is going on in an orderly manner. A review of the Shenzhou spacecraft's 6 ascension journeys: a big step forward each time