Mellon: The Fed faces an exit dilemma Introduction: "Wall Street Journal" columnist George Mellon (George Melloan) published an article on August 4 that it is doubtful whether the Federal Reserve will be able to tighten the money supply when the US economy begins to return to growth. The following is a summary of the article: Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke has assured that the Fed has the appropriate policy tools to prevent the injection of large amounts of liquidity into the banking system to trigger inflation, thereby inhibiting the economic recovery. But does the Fed have the guts to use these tools? The Fed's past record of judging when and how to use policy tools to adjust the money supply has been unsatisfactory. In the mid-1970s, the Fed's financing of massive budget deficits drove annual inflation to nearly 15%; the Fed's continued easing during the 2003 recovery created a credit bubble that burst last year with dire consequences. Because its dual mandates of promoting price stability and achieving full employment are often paradoxical, the Fed tends to overreact to recessions. With the federal funds rate near zero, the liquidity valve is now fully open. And as Bernanke promised, the Fed is likely to keep monetary policy easy for longer. Not to mention whether the Fed is willing to tighten policy, there is also a big question. With the federal budget deficit already large and growing, it is doubtful that the Fed has enough tools to deal with inflationary pressures. In his semi-annual report to Congress on July 21, Bernanke said he was well aware of the danger and pledged to rein in the deficit. The U.S. federal budget deficit for the current fiscal year ending Sept. 30 is projected at $1.8 trillion, almost half of the federal spending plan. If the government's "investment" in various industries such as automobiles and real estate is included, the financing needs of the US Treasury will be higher. The U.S. Treasury has been relying on the Fed to buy U.S. Treasuries on a massive scale to keep the government’s funding costs within a reasonable range. Weakening international demand has put downward pressure on U.S. Treasury prices and upward pressure on yields. U.S. 10-year Treasury yields are now below where they were a few weeks ago, but well above where they were at the start of the year. Even the Fed's massive purchases of Treasuries will not be enough to prevent a slide in bond prices. Bernanke listed several exit strategies in an article in The Wall Street Journal. The Fed could pay banks interest on reserves, which would reduce banks' incentives to lend, thereby keeping some reserves out of the credit flow. But the net effect would still be to increase liquidity in the credit system, thus running counter to the long-term goal of withdrawing liquidity. Bernanke said the Fed can also sell securities to banks and sign repurchase agreements, but these "reverse repurchase agreements" will only temporarily withdraw some liquidity. Bernanke finally proposed that the Fed could also sell US Treasuries to banks, which would use bank reserves and reduce the risk of potential inflation. The Fed will have a lot of bonds to sell, given the potential for a lot of Treasury issuance in the future. But the Fed mainly buys Treasury bonds by issuing new money, which is to expand the money supply. So, does the Fed have the guts or ability to reinstate bank liquidity by reselling bonds to curb inflation? The Fed will have to face political pressure. In conclusion, there are very good reasons to doubt that the Fed can cope with the political problems that exist, and the technical problems it faces are not easy. (Xingya)