Record: Donnie Yen talks about "Ip Man" and concentrates on practicing and challenging Wing Chun to play the master "Ip Man" Donnie Yen: The highest difficulty since filming At 17:00 on October 8th, at 17:00 on October 8th, director Yip Weixin of "Ip Man", Donnie Yen, who plays Ip Man and his wife in the film, Xiong Dailin will be a guest on Sina to chat about the filming of the film. This is the transcript of the chat: (Host makeup and styling: Yi Ming School of Art and Design) Donnie Yen will appear in "Ip Man" for another ten years. Dear Sina netizens, Hello everyone ! Moderator Zhao Ning: Welcome to Sina netizens, I am the moderator Zhao Ning. Directed by Weixin Ye, and co-starring Donnie Yen, Dailin Xiong and Dahua Ren, the film "Ip Man" will be released in theaters nationwide on December 19. Today, we are fortunate to invite this batch of main creators to Sina to talk to everyone online two months in advance. Let’s talk, and I also invited my colleague, Wei Junzi (blog), who studies Hong Kong films with a lot of history, to co-host with me. Welcome to the four guests present. (Applause) Moderator Zhao Ning: Thank you, let's introduce Donnie Yen, everyone is familiar with it. Donnie Yen: Hello everyone, hello friends from Sina, we meet again. Moderator Zhao Ning: I often see you wearing such a black leather jacket. Donnie Yen: Really? It's cool in autumn, so wear this kind of clothes. Host Zhao Ning: Today is the first time to be a guest on Sina. The famous model and actress Xiong Dailin, who we all know before, welcome you. Xiong Dailin: Hello, everyone. Moderator Zhao Ning: I was also very surprised when I saw it, how can such a young and handsome director, Yip Weixin (laughs) Donnie Yen: The most handsome director in Hong Kong, don't you know (laughs) Moderator Zhao Ning: At the same time And my colleague Wei Junzi. Let me ask, knowing that Ip Man is a well-known figure and the master of Bruce Lee, does Donnie Yen also know Ye Wen well? Have you thought about playing this character before? Donnie Yen: I never wanted to play Ip Man, but ten years ago, more than ten years ago, a director in Hong Kong asked me to play Ip Man, and I also got the deposit and signed a contract. The whole project didn't go on, and it didn't shoot. Later, during the filming of "Beauty in the Land and Mountains", Director Ye said that we were going to film "Ip Man". Didn't I say that the copyright issue should be filmed by other companies? He said, we got the official support from Ye Zhun's family, and we officially started filming. Since then, I have been collecting some information about Ye Wen, and even Wing Chun boxing. I also have to do some of the exercises, because I have no experience in Wing Chun before, but I spent a lot of time studying the background of Ye Wen's life, and even lived in Foshan to have some life experience. Ask a generation of masters to act for him. A generation of masters needs many connotative elements to play him well. Director Ye Weixin and Ye Wen have a blood relationship Legendary Life is a blank film and television drama host Zhao Ning: Director Ye Weixin, your surname is Ye, you have a certain relationship with the Ye family, so you can get the right to shoot. Ye Weixin: It's better to have a blood relationship. Feelings, talk to his son, and Master Ye Zhun, who is Ye Wen's son. He is in his 80s, old gentleman. Moderator Zhao Ning: I think Ip Man is a great master of the generation. Why didn't he show many stories about him in film and television works before? Unlike Huang Feihong (), unlike Su Qier, Ip Man doesn't seem to involve much, Wei Junzi can Can't talk? Wei Junzi: Maybe Ye Wen only passed away in the 1970s. He passed away 30 years ago, which is relatively close to us now, and Mr. Ye Wen’s life was relatively low-key. Bruce Lee died young, and he was the most legendary at the age of 30. when. Here I would like to ask Brother Dan, what did you know about Ye Wen at the beginning? Donnie Yen: At that time, I only knew that he was a great master of a generation, Bruce Lee's master. At that time, I only knew so much. At that time, I started to spend time researching "Ip Man". Wei Junzi: Have you never touched Wing Chun before? Donnie Yen: I don't dare to talk about the real contact. As a martial arts lover, I have been in contact with many martial arts, but the real experience of Wing Chun was only when Director Ye asked me to film "Ip Man" before I really understood the things of Wing Chun. . Moderator Zhao Ning: Wing Chun has a nickname called "Young Master Fist", I think it should be a very beautiful name. Wei Junzi: Because the popularity of Wing Chun before "Ip Man" was very narrow, Wing Chun requires one-on-one masters to teach disciples, so the fees were very expensive at first, only the rich people Start practicing. Donnie Yen: Frankly speaking, only rich people, so Ip Man's apprentices are either doctors or lawyers, all of them are children of wealthy families. Wei Junzi: Including Bruce Lee's father is also an official. On the screen, Wing Chun boxing is shown as a challenge to Donnie Yen. Zhao Ning, the host: If you look at the way of martial arts, I would like to know how Wing Chun boxing will perform on the screen, because I have seen a lot of Donnie Yen before. There are more live fights in the works, what about the characteristics of Wing Chun? Donnie Yen: First of all, the word "Wing Chun" was handed down from Wing Chun. Legend has it that the martial arts master of Shaolin Temple used her apprentice Wing Chun to make up a set of boxing techniques for women, all of which were designed for women. Once it came to boxing, of course, Ye Wen later developed it. Because everyone knows that I have made blockbuster movies, I will study the subject matter of each martial arts movie. I have a certain degree of hobby for martial arts. Some time ago, I also collaborated with Ye Dao on several movies, such as "Slaying the Wolf" ", "Fuse", in which we are going to show some of the most popular mixed martial arts in the world, and I also spent a year or two researching it. Wing Chun, "Ip Man" is no exception, and I am also It took time to put down other martial arts and focus on practicing Wing Chun well. Moderator Zhao Ning: Since Ye Wen is a real person in history and a master of a generation, is our film "Ip Wen" a story like a biography, or is it based on preserving the character prototypes? Did some story adaptations work on it? Ye Weixin: It has a lot of real history. We will add a little processing. In fact, it has a process. The process is how he practiced Wing Chun before. After that, in 1937, the Japanese came to China to fight China. After that era, he went to live in Hong Kong. The Southern Kung Fu film has been vacant for more than ten years. Ip Man's son hopes that the film will commemorate his father. Zhao Ning, host: Just now Donnie Yen mentioned that he has been to Foshan many times. Wei Junzi also communicated with me before. We remember that ten years ago, there were many shows in Foshan, Guangdong Some of that place name is too familiar to us. Wei Junzi: Yes, those martial arts masters, including the masters of Wing Chun, like Mr. Foshan Zan, like looking for Qian Hua, have been filmed, including Huang Feihong, Su Qier, including Huang Qiying, all from Guangdong generation. All kinds of kung fu films, even kung fu films with legendary characters, are very popular. It has basically been more than ten years now, and no one has made such a legendary film of kung fu heroes. Now we, as audiences, are very curious, why do we want to make such a film now? Moderator Zhao Ning: Yes, Director Ye, what do you think? Yip Weixin: Actually, I have been working with Zidan to make action movies. After that, Boss Wang and I were thinking, in fact, many people know who Wong Feihong is through making movies, so I think Ip Man should have a movie, and His son really wanted a movie to commemorate his father and see how his Wing Chun was carried forward. In fact, his son really wanted a movie to come out. Host Zhao Ning: But if you want to talk about "Ip Man", many viewers will ask whether this is a person's name first, or what, is it some innate difficulty for us to shoot? Donnie Yen: Actually, I have repeatedly asked Director Ye about this question. When we filmed this "Ip Man", what is the difference between what the audience sees, such as "Huo Yuanjia ()()" (blog) and "Once Upon a Time" strength? Let Director Ye tell everyone (laughs) Weixin Ye: If I want to shoot "Once Upon a Time", there will always be a first time. For me, I will shoot new characters first, because I am shooting "Huo Yuanjia", and the TV is in Filming, movies are also being filmed, so is "Once Upon a Time", I think there should be a new kind of national hero. Moderator Zhao Ning: There are many stories about him that we don't know yet. Ye Weixin: Yes, so let the audience know through this play. Donnie Yen: But what is the difference between Ye Wen and Huang Feihong and Huo Yuanjia? Ye Weixin: It's not the same, because he is too low-key. He does a lot of things and he won't come out. It seems that I am Huang Feihong, I can fight very well, and he will stand up. So even if he made some contributions to China, he would put it away. Donnie Yen: Maybe I want to add what Director Ye said just now that he is a relatively low-key person. For example, when he opened a martial arts gym in Hong Kong, he actually didn't want to teach disciples at first. He was not like other masters of the generation, who vigorously promoted his sect. For example, Huang Feihong has a Hongquan, but Ye Wen doesn't have a martial arts school. His son told me that his father said it's better that no one knows me, he is a very low-key ordinary commoner. Ip Man's apprentice Bruce Lee does not appear in the film, hoping to shoot the next episode to tell about the relationship between master and apprentice Zhao Ning: Will there be a certain amount of space in the film to tell the audience how he accepted Bruce Lee as his apprentice, and will Bruce Lee appear? Yip Weixin: It will appear in the last episode (laughs), just like you can only watch the fire in the second episode (laughs) Because Bruce Lee only met him when he arrived in Hong Kong, so we are just talking about how Ip Man got there Hongkong. If I only shoot one or two scenes, I feel a little deceived to the audience. Otherwise, you will first know who Ip Man is, and if you have the opportunity to shoot the next episode, it will be how to have a lot of scenes with Bruce Lee in Hong Kong.