Beijing's second-hand housing in December created the first 9 cases in history. The noisy year of 2009 has passed. The review of Beijing's second-hand housing market in December has been mentioned by many experts. The madness of the property market since March has made many people accustomed to it, but when the amazing data in December came out, many people were still shocked. Statistics from Midland Property Market Research Department: December created the first 7 most cases: 1. The highest transaction volume in Beijing history, 2. The total residential transaction volume, 3. The highest average daily transaction, 4. The largest total transaction area, 5. The transaction area of a single set is the largest. 6. The average price is the highest. 7. The total price of a single set is the highest. In December, the total transaction volume of the second-hand housing market in Beijing exceeded 40,000 units for the first time, twice as much as in October! ! Compared with the previous historical record, which exceeded 30,000 units for the first time in November, the transaction volume in December continued to exceed the 40,000 mark. The 32,784 units rose by 27.33%, while the second-hand residential transaction volume also reached 39,264 units, an increase of 25.49% compared with 31,288 units in November. The four data of total transaction volume, total residential transaction volume, total transaction area and average daily area in December are terrifyingly 2 times that of October. Driven by the historical breakthrough of the total transaction volume in December, the total transaction volume in 2009 reached 278,120 units, which is 17.34% higher than the total transaction volume in 2006-08: 237,020 units. Zhang Dawei, director of the Midland Property Market Research Department, believes that there are three main reasons for the high transaction volume increase in December: first, the last train effect caused by the policy, and the market has strong expectations for the cancellation of the preferential transaction policy implemented at the end of 2008, resulting in a concentration of transactions. Second: Investors began to sell houses, and some projects even sold 25 second-hand houses at a time. Some big investors in the property market began to look down on the market, which led to an increase in housing supply. Third: The proportion of panic demand still reached 25%. Although control policies have been introduced frequently since the 9th, the market panic that began in the second half of October still caused the transaction volume to skyrocket in December, but the policy was clear from the 23rd. After that, the market has gradually started to cool down. For the first time in 5 years, the number of housing listings has broken through 70%, which is the first time in history that it has exceeded 14,100. In addition to the increase in transaction volume, Beijing’s second-hand housing market in December has changed the most. The difference business tax, instead of the full business tax for ordinary residences will be levied within 5 years, which makes the proportion of second-hand housing transactions reached 72% in December 5 years, an increase of 12 percentage points from about 60% in November. The main reason is that the proportion of housing listings in 3-5 years has increased. In December, the housing listings in 3-5 years exceeded 51% for the first time. In particular, after the business tax policy was clarified on December 23, most of the houses that were transacted were within 3-5 years in order to avoid the impact of the business tax. The increase in the proportion of housing listings in the past five years and the concentrated transactions of a large number of non-ordinary houses not only made the average price of second-hand houses in Beijing exceeded 14,100 yuan per square meter for the first time in December compared with 13,150 yuan per square meter in November, an increase of 7.22%. The increase is still amazing. The average total price exceeded 1.35 million for the first time. In December, the average transaction area of a single house reached 96.08 square meters, an increase of 2.43 square meters compared with the average transaction area of 93.65 square meters in November. Large investors began to sell, and the housing stock was basically concentrated in the hot spots in the early stage. The hottest thing about second-hand housing in Beijing in early December was not the crazy rising transaction volume and transaction price, nor the second-hand housing customers queuing to see the house. But in 2009, a large number of investors who had disappeared for a whole year sold off and finally reappeared in the Beijing market at the peak of the market boom and under the catalyst of a series of policies. In a project in the Chaoqing sector, second-hand housing investors sold 25 houses at a time, with a total area of 5,500 square meters, all of which are in good floors and orientations. The average market price has reached 28,000, and the owner listed 26,000 per square meter. A Hong Kong client who values the potential of the mainland property market has been eaten at one time. The total transaction volume exceeded 100 million yuan, and the original owner's profit exceeded 100%. Zhang Dawei, Director of Midland Property Market Research, introduced that the current market situation is very close to that at the end of 2007, the transaction volume is still very hot, and the departure of keen investors has given the market a certain amount of housing shortage due to the lack of early repayment at the end of the year. The degree of relief has been alleviated, and the proportion of irrational and panic-stricken home buyers is still very high, which makes it unnecessary for big investors to leave the market like at the end of 2007. At present, most of the areas in Beijing that sell houses are concentrated in areas that have skyrocketed in the early stage, such as Because the price depression in Wangjing soared last year, the price has risen by more than 70% this year, and the average price in Chaoqing area, which is positively affected by the eastward expansion of the CBD, has risen by more than 60%. 50%. The most intensive regulatory policies were introduced: The Central Economic Work Conference mentioned from December 5th to 7th that "increase the supply of ordinary commercial housing, support the needs of residents for self-occupation and improvement of housing, and increase support for the renovation of dilapidated houses in rural areas. It is necessary to adapt to the diversity of people's lives. , individual needs, and guide the upgrading of consumption structure. On December 9, Zhang Ping, director of the National Development and Reform Commission, said that China will improve housing consumption and control policies, increase the supply of low- and medium-priced commercial housing, and curb speculative housing purchases. On December 9th, the State Council meeting proposed that the time limit for levying and exempting business tax on personal housing transfer from 2 years to 5 years, and other housing consumption policies will continue to be implemented. The State Council executive meeting held on the 14th requires that the continuity and stability of the policy should be maintained at the same time. , to speed up the construction of affordable housing, strengthen market supervision, stabilize market expectations, and curb the rapid rise in housing prices in some cities. If non-ordinary housing is sold to the outside world, the full amount of business tax will be levied; if an individual will purchase non-ordinary housing for more than 5 years (including 5 years) or ordinary housing for less than 5 years, it will be calculated based on the sales income minus the purchase price of the house. Business tax is levied on the difference; individuals who will buy ordinary housing for more than 5 years (including 5 years) and sell it will be exempt from business tax. 2010 Beijing market forecast: Zhang Dawei, director of Midland Property Market Research, introduced: from the 23rd, the detailed business tax policy was introduced in Beijing The market has changed significantly: the transaction volume has dropped significantly, and the average daily transaction since the 23rd is only 1,086 units, down 19% from the daily average of 1,340 units in the previous 22 days. Because of the high total price of houses in 5 years, more than 140 square meters A large number of housing listings scrambled for the last bus transfer, which made the average transaction area after No. 23 reach 99.4 square meters, an increase of 4.4 square meters compared with the average of 95 square meters in the previous 22 days. According to the influence of the No. 22 policy and the current market demand, the wait-and-see policy has emerged. , Zhang Dawei predicted that in 2010, the second-hand housing market in Beijing will have obvious adjustment and imagination, and the market will have the following characteristics: 1. The transaction volume has dropped by more than 30-50%. Both are in January, which makes the demand obviously wait and see, and the January market has been overdrawn in December, so it can be expected that there will be a very obvious decline in January, and the transaction volume will be between 20,000 and 30,000 units. By February Due to the influence of the Spring Festival, it may drop below 20,000 units for the first time since March 2009. 2. The average transaction price will be adjusted downward by about 5%. The revision of the business tax for residential buildings to the full amount within 5 years and the difference over 5 years will not only affect more than 140 square meters, but will also significantly curb the transaction of high-priced houses that require loans. The transaction of housing listings will be concentrated in ordinary listings of more than 5 years, which will As a result, the average price has dropped significantly. 3: The high-end demand for second-hand housing has shifted to the commercial housing market. The difference in the total price of commercial housing in the region is about 20-30%, and the high-end second-hand housing market has a transaction cost of more than 12% (5.5% business tax, 3% deed tax, 3% agency fee, 1% personal tax), which will make second-hand housing more expensive. The demand for high-end housing has shifted to the commercial housing market with newer housing ages and more reasonable apartment sizes. i want to comment