Interview with Li Jinghan: Interpretation of Qianmen No. 23 The Beijing News: The Qianmen No. 23 project is an old embassy built in 1903 and is a protected cultural relic, but I saw three new glass buildings, and one was dug underground. How did you get the approval of the relevant departments to come to the theater? Li Jinghan: There are various ways to build new buildings next to old buildings, such as building contemporary buildings with completely different styles, or matching and making antique buildings. The State Administration of Cultural Heritage did not agree to make contemporary buildings with completely different styles, but we also insisted on not making antique buildings. In the end, chief designer Cui Kai came up with this plan. Although it is a glass building, it is very modest and not dazzling. Each piece of glass is 4.6 meters high and has two floors. It is very beautiful and floating, and it is slightly reflective. Like a mirror, it pushes the old building to the front. It has the rhythm of contemporary, modern architecture, while matching and harmonizing with the old building. Therefore, the experts listened to Cui Kai's introduction and finally agreed to this plan. This is not easy, because the old experts have always protected ancient buildings, and they have been demolished a lot in the past, so they prefer to protect them as they are. This plan shows that they also recognize that this transformation method can bring benefits to the old buildings. Comes with new vitality, which is also a way of protection. Beijing News: But you are also famous for driving fashion and art trends in a commercial way. After the release of No. 3 on the Bund, there are many imitators, making it a fashion hotspot in Shanghai. Do you think Qianmen can be like the Bund in Shanghai? Become a new hip art district? Li Jinghan: I'm not into fashion, I'm not following others, as Andy Warhol said, if you pursue fashion, you are no longer fashion, you have passed. For example, in this restaurant we made, you can say that this is a place to eat, but it is more of an environment and atmosphere. It is also a creative space, so that two or three hours of eating can satisfy his spiritual pursuit. There are also art centers and beautiful restaurants. The scenery can be enjoyed. Can we replicate the model of No. 3 on the Bund? I hope so. Not far from us is Pan Shiyi’s project. I think there will be big changes here after it is made. I certainly hope that there will be more places like this in Beijing, but the key is to have the content in place and treat it as a brand, rather than trying to make money back in a year or two. Art should be placed in the most important place. The Beijing News: It was rumored a few years ago that you are working on this project, but the opening of the art center has been delayed until now, and the rest will be delayed. What is the reason? Li Jinghan: The original plan was to open in early 2007. One of them is that the approval process will take time, and the second is that the project must be maintained at the standard level. All agencies must plan and coordinate, which will take time. We have been working on Three on the Bund for four years. The five years are related to the positioning of our content. It does not mean that whoever pays more can enter, but to find business partners that meet our positioning. This is not a real estate project. After the decoration is completed, it will be rented out to those who are willing to pay. It will take a lot of time and energy to plan. In such a historical building, the individuality of different places must be reflected, so that the space has an atmosphere. Beijing News: There are art centers and theaters in this project, because ten years ago you brought together restaurants and galleries, and later on, you assembled boutiques at Three on the Bund in Shanghai. Are you replicating this model in Beijing? Li Jinghan: Yes, the core concept is 100% the same. Three on the Bund is an expansion of Shanghai Courtyard, while No. 23 Qianmen is an expansion of Three on the Bund in Beijing. Beijing's art districts like 798 and Caochangdi are very good. In fact, I went to Caochangdi six years ago. At that time, Ai Weiwei and I were the only ones there. I felt very active. I pushed myself to the suburbs, and I think art should be in the city center and bring art to the most important place, so Sihe Gallery is next to the Forbidden City, No. 3 on the Bund, and Tianan Time are all in the most important places. is very important. Many big brands don't have the guts. Beijing News: How did you first think of bringing restaurants and galleries together? Li Jinghan: After I came to Beijing in the 1990s, I started to get in touch with contemporary art. I think their works are very important, but in 1994 and 1995 very few people went to the exhibition. I wanted to open a decent place to display them so that avant-garde art could Affecting contemporary culture, there is a place for more people to approach it and understand it. So at that time, I held an art exhibition in a law firm. I wanted the people I came in contact with to see these artworks, but I wanted to attract more people, so in 1996 I opened the Siheyuan in Donghuamen. , there are restaurants and galleries, so that people can see artworks when they go to eat, which is a very relaxed state. Beijing News: It turns out that Prada, Chanel, and LV all have to enter Qianmen No. 23, but they didn't come in in the end. Li Jinghan: I talked about it earlier. Miuccia Prada, the head of Prada, also came to see it. She also thinks it is very beautiful and has a good feeling. She talked with architect Koolhaas about the possibility of design. Some have signed a letter of intent, but it has not been finalized. One of the reasons is that in 2005 and 2006, there were many large shopping malls in Beijing, all of which began to rent. The big shopping malls are different from ours, because they have a large number of hotels and apartments to support them, so they can waive the rent for two or three years in order to attract international brands. , and even gave two or three million euros of decoration subsidies, so people from these companies said that Mr. Li, your place is very good, but I was given such conditions, what can you give us. I am just such a place, there is no way to give such conditions; secondly, they feel that it is in Tiananmen, Qianmen, not a commercial area, and the flow of people is not very large, but I persuade them that this is the most important place in China, and sooner or later changed, but then they drove there anyway. In the end we only have one brand store here, I told them the other brands are not coming, you can also find other places, but they said we don't go there, don't like to be crowded with them, and they have to be next to the art center Next to them, they are down-to-earth and have a clear idea of their content and what kind of company they are. Through this, I have a prejudice against some big brands in my heart. These brands have no guts and only value money. I said to them that you just sell clothes as simple as that, but also have your own brand image. Although you also said how elegant the DNA of your brand is, but you crowd into hotels and shopping malls, and each storefront is exactly the same. This is actually because you do not respect yourself and Chinese consumers. I talked to them this way, but they held back, which made me particularly disappointed with them, China is just a market for them. Witness's Fun in Details - Reporter's Notes Li Jinghan, 47, wears a well-fitting suit and speaks fluent Mandarin, with a word or two in English from time to time. He said that when he first came to Beijing, he didn't see many traces of business, but when he came back in the early 1990s, the Chinese people's business enthusiasm had been fully activated. At that time, his identity was very simple - a lawyer. Now, he plays more of the role of fashion space investor and professional manager, often becoming the focus of fashion magazines. Chinese contemporary art is a hot luxury these days, so businessman Li Jinghan would smile and say that the art center is the heart of the project. But on a larger scale, China's booming luxury consumer market is the foundation of all this. With the advantages of information and experience, he now has more capital to use to get involved. Of course, this does not mean that he is just a money chaser: he is still patiently communicating with designers and chefs between interviews, trying to make everything refined, and being picky about details seems not only to make future customers have The best enjoyment is also his own pleasure. i want to comment