David Hotline Recommendation: Wigan "Roller Coaster" Middle "Neuro Knife" Liverpool VS Manchester United Recommendation: 31 Liverpool and Manchester United are the top two teams in the history of English football's top leagues, so the two teams have a lot of grievances. Liverpool has been unbeaten in regular time for 17 games, but the last time the team lost was against Manchester United, and the two cores of the team, Torres and Gerrard, were both injured in this game. Manchester United's attacking power is a big problem, otherwise it would not be the introduction of Berbatov. Judging from the history of the confrontation, the two teams have played against each other in the last 4 times, and Liverpool have all lost, and have not scored a goal. In the betting plate, Liverpool's home draw was in the draw, and the average European loss away win was 2.57 slightly lower than the main win. Most bookmakers took the Kelly index as the lowest loss. The result of the draw in this game obviously cannot be ignored. Secondly, the core of the home team is absent Under the circumstances, there is only a tie in this game, betting against Liverpool's four-game winning streak Manchester United, unbeaten can guarantee that they will not lose money, which is also a bit too cheap. Blackburn VS Arsenal recommendation: 10 Blackburn have maintained 10 games unbeaten at home before, and their style is very tough, the technical flow of Arsenal has a certain limiting effect. Arsenal have only drawn two of their previous three visits to Blackburn. In midweek, England beat Croatia 4-1 away, Arsenal winger Walter scored a hat-trick and was in excellent form. The betting plate Arsenal gave away the hemisphere low water, which seems to be very beneficial to the visiting team, but William Hill and Ladbrokes have significantly raised the odds of this game, and the overall odds ratio has reached 0.94, which is more beneficial to the transferee , and companies such as Bet365 did not deny the possibility of the main win. However, William Hill's main winning odds are 4.75, and its next Kelly is 1.00, suggesting that even if the home team is upset, the possibility of a draw is the greatest. Fulham VS Bolton Recommendation: 30 Fulham's strength is very close to Bolton's, but their ability to score points at home is relatively strong, and they can stay in the Premier League for a long time. And Bolton's strength has dropped a lot, not the team that can compete for the UEFA Cup seat, and has lost a lot of main players this season. Judging from the track record of the two teams, Fulham has 6 wins and 4 draws in the last 10 home games. The betting plate Fulham gave up the draw/half in the water. From the perspective of European odds, the main win odds have also dropped by a large margin. The main win of SSp is only 1.90, which is the lowest in the market, but with reference to the Kelly data under the odds, The customer victory has not been denied, and Bet365 strongly implies that there is a greater chance for the customer victory. In this game, the small bet blogger wins is understandable, and the re-election suggests to make up for Bolton's guest win. Newcastle VS Hull City recommendation: 31 Newcastle's start to the season is encouraging, the team's defensive progress is obvious to all, but coach Keegan suddenly dismissed at this time, and the team fell into chaos again. Hull City's performance after the upgrade is impressive, but they lost 0-5 at home to relegation rival Wigan in the last round, which shows that they can still achieve good results when they are currently focusing on defense, but once they start an attack, they are prone to problems. In the betting game, Newcastle gave up half/one in the low water at home. Judging from the previous fiasco of Hull City, many people will think that they are paper tigers, and there is no ultimate move after the three-stroke axe. However, in terms of European losses, William Hill's main win is as high as 1.70, and the other mainstream companies have also raised their main winning odds, so it is expected that Newcastle will win at most by one goal in this game. Portsmouth VS Middle's recommendation: 10 Although Portsmouth's points are not as good as Middle's at present, they have encountered Manchester United and Chelsea, and their losses are normal. The 3-0 thumping of Everton away shows their true strength . Although Middler has achieved good results recently, it is mainly a winning streak at home and a 10-game winless away game. The two teams played against each other twice last season, and Middle won two consecutive victories despite the disadvantage. Portsmouth gave up the water in the hemisphere at home in the betting plate. Judging from the victory over Everton in the last round, Portsmouth will undoubtedly be optimistic about this game, and Middler’s away results are indeed not worth mentioning. Most companies have downgraded the main win, but William Hill and Weide International have raised the main win odds. Bet365, Weide International and other companies also have higher even losses, and customer wins have always been suppressed at a low level. West Brom VS West Ham recommendation: 30 West Brom is still at the bottom of the Premier League, but from the performance point of view, their performance is getting better and better, last away draw with Bolton to get the first point. West Ham coach Kobe Bishley stepped down, Italian star Zola took over the team, but this game will certainly not be under his command immediately. West Ham's previous 7 away games have 1 draw and 6 losses, but they have won two consecutive games against West Brom. In the betting set, West Brom gave up a flat/semi-high water at home. Judging from West Ham's away performance, even if West Brom is weak, it is reasonable to give up the ball at home. Companies such as Yisheng Bo are still strongly optimistic about the home team's first win, while companies such as Bet365, William Hill and Wade International are optimistic about the visiting team, and their main victory under Kelly is significantly higher. Wigan VS Sunderland Recommendation: 10 Wigan defeated Hull City 5-0 in the last round, which was beyond the expectations of many people, but Wigan reflected more in that game with experience and defensive counterattack ability . And Sunderland has introduced a number of stars this season. In terms of strength, they are even stronger than Wigan, so it is difficult to define the home team's advantage in this field. In the past, the two teams have met 5 times, and Wigan has won 4 times. The betting plate Wigan can actually be able to play a hemisphere high water, I am afraid to a large extent thanks to the 5-0 in the last round. Judging from the comparison of the real strengths of the two sides, it is very good for Wigan to be able to play a draw/half. Judging from the current football lottery betting situation, Wigan is also a bit overheated, and its betting ratio is more like a game with low water in the hemisphere, which is not good news for the home team, which is not dominant.