Razer Cup DotA Elite Challenge debuted in August, a world-famous Warcraft RPG game DotA, a top-level elite team in Asia, Ehome, a bloody battle without gunpowder, hosted by the famous domestic game platform Xiaoxiong Online Game Axis, the world's top game The peripheral manufacturer Razer™ (Razer) is the title sponsor, and the famous e-sports peripheral manufacturers Beitong and Baise are co-sponsored. The Razer Cup DotA Elite Challenge will be staged in Beijing Zhongguancun Dinghao Electronic City on August 8, 2009. . The classic DotA game has tens of thousands of players in China, and it is still very popular today. Many players embody their rich ideas in the game and play amazingly. The resulting many professional teams have made the DotA game even more challenging and fun. Among them, the Ehome team from Beijing is already a unique team. The myth of defeat. In the upcoming Razer Cup DotA Elite Challenge on August 8, Ehome, the top Asian team, will appear in the peak battle and accept the challenges of various masters. The live game PCs will be fully equipped with Razer™ (Razer) gaming peripheral products - Razer Carcharias Headphones, Razer Aurantia Gold Bead Keyboard and Mouse Set and Razer Goliathus Mouse Pad. Winning teams and players can also look forward to the RazerDeathAdder Razer DeathAdder, Razer Salmosa Gaming Mouse and Razer Goliathus Large Mouse Pad, sponsored by Razer. Event Name: Razer Cup DotA Elite Challenge Game Version: Warcraft 3: The Frozen Throne Version 1.23 Game Map: DotAAllstars v6.59d Chinese Version Competition Network: Netcom Event Venue: Beijing Zhongguancun Dinghao Electronic City Phase 2, 1st Floor Hall Competition time : August 8, 2009 Offline Quota: The top 4 players in this online competition will be eligible to participate in the Razer Cup DotA competition. QQ group number: 14607877 Competition official website: http://www.beareyes.com.cn/2/lib /200907/24/399/juhui2.html In this event, in order to increase the intensity of the game itself, the organizers will enhance the fiery atmosphere of the scene. There will be extremely rich prizes to reward players, as well as wonderful cosplay performances, bringing all-round visual impact. A battle to defend and compete for supremacy is about to kick off. Which fresh forces will stand out? Is Ehome an impenetrable mountain? What kind of legend will the classic DotA perform again? All the mysteries will be solved by you on August 8th! About Game Axis Game Axis (www.gameaxis.com.cn) was established in June 2004. .com) jointly launched a comprehensive game portal. Game Axis is committed to providing players with the fastest, latest and most complete game information and the latest information from various game manufacturers. The game platforms currently involved in Game Axis include seven categories: online games, PC stand-alone games, e-sports, web games, video games, handheld games, and mobile games. Reports on the game market also cover China, the United States, and Europe. , Japan, South Korea and other important global game markets, the latest game information and manufacturer trends. About Razer™ Razer Razer is headquartered in Carlsbad, California, USA. Through close contact and cooperation with gamers, Razer has launched a series of world-leading game equipment, becoming the leader of the global game equipment technology trend, and using patented technology to bring gamers a shocking gaming experience, effectively improving gamers' gaming experience. Competitiveness. Razer's products have won wide acclaim in the industry, and won numerous awards around the world for its accuracy, sensitivity, practicality and originality of product design, and are unanimously supported by players. As a leader in gaming peripheral technology, Razer's outstanding strength has been reflected in every Razer product. For more information, please visit http://cn.razerzone.com. Razer? Starts with the Player, Empowers the Player™