The strategy of choosing nine games: relying on strong teams to only guard against the coldness of Milan and both heroes. There are many strong teams selected in this issue, which is less difficult for the 14 games, but very difficult for the optional nine games. Hard to choose. Because the essence of Ren Jiu's gameplay is to avoid strong teams or potential upsets, and choose other games to bet on. However, the feature of this issue is that there are too many giants, and other matches are too difficult. Therefore, if you can avoid the giants, the difficulty of making orders will be greatly increased, and it is almost impossible to start. From this point of view, Ren Jiu is not suitable for a slanted sword in this issue, and it is as realistic to expect the giants to be upset than to expect a blind spot result. Last season, the top 6 teams in Serie A and La Liga totaled 12 teams. Except for Juventus, which was not selected in this football lottery, the remaining 11 teams were all selected. Among them, only Villarreal VS Santander is a confrontation between the strong, and the other 9 strong teams attack from different places. Among them, the Milan duo, Barcelona and Real Madrid can be called iron courage. Except for AC Milan, who is a guest, the above-mentioned giants win and lose less than 1.30. In addition, Villarreal's win is only about 1.60. Even a draw with these teams is not a small upset. However, the advantages of these strong teams are too great, and the difficulty of other games is too high, so it is difficult for lottery players to choose to avoid these giants. If you really want to avoid it, you can only give up Villarreal in a relatively right way. After all, the team's lineup is not very prosperous, and the recent many games under the two-line battle have only passed the risk. The team that should not be avoided the most should be AC Milan. The Rossoneri have won two consecutive victories, scoring a total of 7 goals in the two games. Ancelotti and the club's top management have reached a consensus, and the team is gradually on the right track. AC Milan seems to be more dangerous to be a guest, but in fact, the team is the most stable, and the value of the visiting team's upset is not great, it is not as valuable as defending a home team.