Yu Youbin: Building a world-class four-season tourism boutique city: Our experts have provided very good suggestions. I also believe that some of the suggestions put forward by the experts have already been implemented by the local government in Chongli. Not only the experts present, but also many guests do not know much about the development of Chongli, just ask the county magistrate to support Chongli's development plan and local regional development policies, and combine the four seasons tourism, classic city slogan to Chongli. Give us a detailed introduction. Yu Youbin: I am very grateful to several professors, scholars and teachers who have put forward so many suggestions and opinions for our Chongli government. As I mentioned earlier, Chongli County is a county with a small population but a large resource county. Our resource area is 2,334 square kilometers, 80% of which are mountainous areas. The altitude ranges from 810 meters to the highest peak of 2,170 meters. Today we are here. , Chongli County is just a foot down. From 1996, our first ski resort in Chongli County turned out to be the Snow Sports Center of the General Administration of Sports. We used to ski there. After 14 years of development, the government proposed a tourism development strategy to build Chongli County into As the snow capital of China and Davos in the East, the resources of our Chongli County are very suitable for skiing. The terrain is similar to Davos in Switzerland. When you visit Chongli County around Beijing, you feel like you are in Europe. Therefore, people of insight have come to our Chongli County to invest and buy properties. Several professors and experts in our Chongli County have just said that the four seasons are relatively obvious and distinct. In spring, our slogan is to enjoy flowers. In spring, peach blossoms and apricot blossoms are all over the mountains and plains, and in summer, there are green trees and shades. It is lush and lush, and it feels like a forest when you walk inside. Our grassland area is 1.51 million mu, and the forest area is 1.27 million mu. It is a key forestry area in Hebei Province. The forest coverage rate has reached 41.3%. In four or five years, the trees that have been converted to forests can reach a forest coverage rate of 67%, so it is a natural oxygen bar. Many people who come to Chongli want to stay in the mountains for a few more days and enjoy the breath of nature. Our negative cations are more than 10,000 grains per square centimeter. In autumn, what we propose is viewing. Because there are many trees, in autumn, yellow leaves, red leaves, and green leaves are colorful, as if painted by an artist. In April of this year, our Chongli County held the Chongli Spring Festival. Many reporters here may have participated. Cross-country masters from 25 provinces, municipalities and autonomous regions across the country participated in the competition. In winter, it is skiing. There are many skiers in Beijing. Skiers go there every Sunday, usually on Friday. Several leaders also said just now that the transportation is very convenient. Railways, highways, especially highways, are very convenient. There is an airport under construction, which is expected to be open to traffic by the end of next year, and the high-speed rail will open to traffic in 2013. In this way, the distance between Chongli and Beijing has been shortened. Our Chongli County has launched the strategy of tourism county. Because of the vigorous development of the domestic economy, people are developing towards consumption and leisure. In developed countries, people exercise outdoors in summer, such as mountaineering, rock climbing, and skiing in winter. Therefore, we proposed the strategy of tourism county, and at the same time we proposed to create three districts, ecological development area; Beijing-Tianjin leisure tourism resort area; organic agriculture demonstration area. The ecological development area is to plant trees, grass and engage in ecology; the tourism and leisure resort area is to attract people who are willing to exercise outdoors. People are willing to experience the mountains and people who yearn for health go there for leisure and vacation. In summer, our average temperature is more than 20 degrees. , when the sun in Beijing is scorching hot, we have only 21 degrees there, and we don't need mosquito nets in summer. In winter, we can ski there, but the temperature is not very low. The average temperature of minus 12 degrees in winter is the most suitable for outdoor skiing. I just said that the Northeast was the first ski resort to be developed, but when you go skiing there in winter, you will freeze your hands with gloves. Therefore, based on our topography and our characteristics, our county party committee wants to build Chongli as the snow capital of China. Just now, I mentioned the organic agriculture demonstration area. Teacher Zhang also said that our Chongli County is not a major tourist county, and it is also a tourist destination. All vegetables have pollution-free certification. The color peppers we produce are the largest base in the country, and our products are exported to Southeast Asia and North America, so you can taste our green vegetables in Chongli. There are many investment and real estate investments in Chongli County from Beijing. I believe that the future development of Chongli County will develop to a high standard and an international level. People of insight are welcome to buy, invest and develop in Chongli. I don’t think you will regret it. , you can go to Chongli for tourism and vacation during your rest time. After the development in the future, we still have a lot of room for appreciation. We are the county seat, and the room for appreciation is very large. Friends here are welcome to travel to Chongli Four Seasons, welcome everyone Friends come to Chongli to invest and start business. I hope you will have more business opportunities after you arrive in Chongli, and you will have more wealth. Thank you! I would like to comment on property navigation: