Japan launches the world's smallest computer The "Space Cube", a computer specially designed for operation in the space environment, can be used to communicate with NASA, the European Space Agency (ESA) and the Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency (JAXA). The size of the space cube is 2 by 2 by 1.7 inches, which is roughly the size of a large die. However, it is a real microcomputer, which was successfully developed by the Japanese company Shimafuji. The world's smallest computer is designed for use in a space environment, tasked with controlling various electronics and manipulating an "interplanetary computer network". Currently, it is in use in Japan, and the UK magazine PC Pro recently purchased a space cube and revealed its fascinating details. First, the space cube's metal chassis is "completely rock-hard," ensuring it can withstand impacts from cosmic rocks. It has the minimum power requirement configuration for a PC computer and can run on a 5 watt power supply. Inside this microcomputer, the CPU is 300 MHz and 16MB of on-board flash memory is much lower than current computer configurations, but it has a big advantage in size. The computer runs Linux OS on 1GB of flash memory card space, 64MB of SDRAM memory, and a pair of jacks for speakers and headphones. In addition to the functions of a normal computer, the space cube has many unique features. It is equipped with the SpaceWire port, a very thin slot that serves as the communication operating medium for NASA, the European Space Agency (ESA) and the Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency (JAXA) when the space cube goes into space Once the environment is complete, it can be connected to each of the above NASA systems, and SpaceWire can be used as a common interface to connect different devices together. Although the space cube is not widely used outside Japan, a British company called Dundee Star plans to sell it with some performance improvements. The world's smallest computer is expected to sell for $2,750, and PC Pro magazine predicts that rocketry and robotics will have a high value for the device. (Wei Dong) Time magazine named the best invention of 2007: computer