Xie Jin's interview before his death: May my film give hope to the Chinese people played an indispensable role. Xie Jin's last authoritative interview with a foreign researcher was on December 27, 2002. The interviewer was American sinologist Ruiwen Bai in Shanghai. Bai Ruiwen is currently working at the Department of East Asia at the University of California, Santa Barbara. His main research areas are contemporary Chinese literature, film and popular culture. With permission from Mr. Bai Ruiwen, this newspaper published part of the interview with director Xie Jin for the first time in China. The subtitle is added by the editor. "To speak up for those who can no longer speak" Bai Ruiwen: You filmed "Stage Sisters" (blog) in 1964. The film's fate was ill-fated, and it was nearly a decade before it was approved for release. When you were filming "Sisters on the Stage", did you never expect to be criticized so much? Xie Jin: I would never have thought of it. Who would have thought that such a thing would happen at that time? President Liu Shaoqi never expected to suffer such a fate. He was severely criticized, as was Deng Xiaoping. Deng Xiaoping was knocked down several times and sent to Jiangxi to reform through labor. After he came back again, he asked how could our country be like this? He thought for a long time and advocated many policy reforms. He had the same doubts as everyone else - it wasn't me who couldn't understand what was going on at the time. You take this issue too small, the whole country is thrown into chaos, and even the head of state is overthrown. Why am I filming tragedies? It's not that I want to shoot, but that life forces me to speak. Many of my friends were labeled as rightists, suffered a lot, and some of them left. I must speak for them. Be a voice for those who can no longer speak. So things like "Wrangler" and "Furong Town" were shot with great passion. Nowadays, many people are talking about musical films and digital films, thinking that that is the only thing the audience cares about. In fact, on the contrary, only sincere feelings and practical reflections on social life can touch the heartstrings of the audience. "The Legend of Tianyun Mountain" is such a movie. During the Cultural Revolution we had a lot of injustices. When Hu Yaobang was the general secretary, he rehabilitated the unjust cases of tens of millions of people. So this movie came out at this time and gained a lot of resonance and the world's attention. The same is true of "Furong Town". You won't understand China's problems without watching this movie. When "Furong Town" was released in Japan, the Japanese said: "Director Xie, it turned out to be such a terrible disaster, and such a big tragedy happened in such a small town. You are really suffering!" Through my film, people have a better understanding of China What happened. It is impossible for the United States to make such a movie, because the historical experiences of the two countries are different, how can Americans live such a life? So it is necessary to study the history of our country to understand our films. "There will be masterpieces that truly reflect on the Cultural Revolution" Bai Ruiwen: During the Cultural Revolution in the 1970s, film directors were unable to make films because of the political atmosphere at that time. Unlike you, however, during that time you as a filmmaker continued to have your movie dreams -- or should I say nightmares? Xie Jin: What was it like to shoot a movie in such an era? During the Cultural Revolution, I made movies and model plays. Although I hadn't been reinstated yet, everything was down and nobody was there, so I and some other young film directors were assigned to do the mock-ups. These plays were a product of the political climate of the day; looking back now, it was a nightmare. Not only was it a nightmare, my father committed suicide by taking sleeping pills, and my mother committed suicide by jumping off a building. I went to carry them up. At that time, I was still locked in the factory and not allowed to come out. I blamed myself at first, but then I figured out that this is not a personal tragedy. It wasn't just against me, even those who founded our country were persecuted. I estimate that in the future, many works will emerge from this tragedy, and there will be masterpieces that truly reflect on the Cultural Revolution. This is the destruction of human nature. It happens between fathers and sons and between friends. This is the tragedy of the times, the tragedy of our Chinese nation. Such a thing has never happened before. This is why people always refer to the "Cultural Revolution" as It was "unprecedented". We should remember that the word, "unprecedented", has never happened in the past. There will be very important works in China in the future. I think, to study a country's films, especially important films, you need to know a lot of the historical background of that country. After the Vietnam War there were some movies that did really well, like Coppola's Apocalypse Now. If it weren't for this war, none of these films would have been made. It was the same with several of my major films later on, like "The Legend of Tianyun Mountain".