Necessary preparations before the visa interview Zhang Yang: Yes, there are quite a few, because there are some students who go to two-year community colleges in the United States. I wonder if the visa officer will say that they prefer four-year undergraduate students, but they are right Do students at this two-year community college have some dislikes or tendencies to reject? Moderator Meng Nan: Zhang Yang, as our student representative, or someone who came here, also asked our visa officer such a question. A common question that everyone may face is whether community colleges are better than four-year American universities. Difficult to sign? Jiang Deli: Obviously, we treat students who want to study in the United States for two years or four years without discrimination. We just want to advise applicants based on their own learning ability and previous learning background. , to choose a school that suits them. Moderator Meng Nan: Zhang Yang, did you feel nervous before signing the interview? Zhang Yang: Nervous, we are very nervous, because the year before us was 2005, the visa was very difficult, but my year was 2006, and I was very nervous because I had been admitted to Harvard, if it was because of the visa It would be a pity if we couldn’t make it through, and there were many such cases before, so I was very nervous at that time. Moderator Meng Nan: What preparation skills did you have before that? Zhang Yang: I just thought I was going to study the website of the US embassy. There are many, many articles on it. The first thing I have to do is to fill out all the forms very, very completely. Even if there is a small mistake, I will rewrite it. Fill it out, the second is all the materials he asked for, including the I-20 form, including the three large forms I have to fill out. The third is the financial issue. I prepared a lot of money at the time, I wanted to prove that I had money (laughs) and the fourth, I was very clear at the time, I would not immigrate to the United States illegally, because I was I wanted to study, so I told him before the visa officer asked me. I said that after I graduated from Harvard, I must go back to China. This was our understanding at the time. In fact, I think I agree with Jiang Deli's point of view. I just heard it. I think the visa officer cares about three things. The first is whether you are admitted to a qualified university. The second is whether you have funds. The ability, third, your motivation is not very reasonable. If these three points are met, I think it should be said that the visa officer will pass it. I have one more point to remind my friends, sometimes you meet the requirements, but you must not be short of some materials. For example, I saw a classmate who was very nervous. He didn't bring his I-20 form or something. , resulting in no way to obtain a visa in the end, so it is best to prepare well for everything. Moderator Meng Nan: Jiang Deli, what kind of questions did you ask during the interview so that you can identify this student at a glance? I won't give him a visa? Jiang Deli: Actually, we don't have some very clear questions when interviewing student visas, but I would like to explain to student visa applicants that if the schools or study programs you are applying for require you to have certain qualifications. If you have high English language skills, you don't need to be nervous when you answer these questions in English with the visa officer. You just want to talk about your life, some of your hobbies, and some topics other than study. It is to show the visa officer as much as possible that you have a certain English language learning ability, so that the visa officer can understand your English ability. Moderator Meng Nan: So when students like Zhang Yang apply for a visa, do you like the questions he answers? For example, I will return to China in the future, but I will not immigrate. What am I going to do in the United States? Then I don’t need you to ask questions about my study plan. I have made it clear myself. Would you like such a person? Jiang Deli: We do not recommend that students answer all the questions they have prepared before the visa officer asks them at the beginning of the interview. We mainly recommend that the visa officer guide you throughout the interview process. Interview, because the visa officer they know what kind of questions he wants to ask you, and which questions are the most important for the visa officer to judge your application. In the process of answering questions, if you have some very vivid and real examples, you can also use it to tell the visa officer. For example, if you need some information, you can also submit it to the visa officer. Zhang Yang: I want to know if the visa officer will affect the visa because of personal emotions? For example, you happened to be in a bad mood that day, and then you were relatively strict? Will this be the case? I think Jiang Deli's answer just now may also answer the questions of many netizens, because many netizens have "demonized" the US visa officer before, and they may think that the visa officer is very unreasonable. However, in my understanding, these officials in the United States are still very, very concerned about the system and rules. I think this is also the lovely thing about the American system, that is, you have a standard in your heart. If this person meets this standard, he will not can change because of your mood or other changes. Jiang Deli: Because each visa officer is a different person, because everyone has the habit of asking questions and the way of asking questions, but like the visa officer mentioned just now, they are also human, and they also have their own emotions, but The point I want to reiterate is that we will not bring this kind of emotion to work, and we will not use everyone's emotions to approve or reject the application of the visa applicant. Every approval or rejection application, the visa officer will A decision made under U.S. immigration law. Therefore, the applicant does not need to think too much, that is, the interview with the visa officer takes a long time, and the interview with the visa officer takes a short time. In fact, the most important thing is that the applicant's purpose is to say how to successfully obtain a visa. Moderator Meng Nan: Many students are also worried that if they are refused a visa, for example, because of poor performance or poor preparation of materials, it will have a negative impact on their future visa applications. Will there be such a situation? Jiang Deli: Once the visa applicants were rejected because they did not bring all the documents, or for some other reasons, if they feel that their situation has changed this time, it can be enough to change the decision of the visa officer, we welcome them at any time. Apply now. If we need the visa applicant to come to our embassy for a further interview, we will usually ask another visa officer to review his visa from a new perspective, and what we want to say is that this visa refusal does not mean that Permanently, it is possible to change this final result once his circumstances change. Zhang Yang: Will the reason for the last visa refusal be recorded and shown to the next visa officer? Jiang Deli: Now if you re-submit your application, the current visa officer can see the specific situation of your last visa, but the current visa officer will not say that he will arbitrarily just based on your last visa refusal. To judge your application this time, it is possible that he will ask some further questions based on some circumstances of your previous visa. In some cases additional questions will be asked of you. Moderator Meng Nan: Next, let's answer some questions from netizens. Just now, we have asked Jiang Deli to answer a few questions about the proof of property. How much proof of funds is needed and how long is the deposit period? Netizens can refer to our previous interviews for such questions, or you can go directly to the website of the US embassy. Inquire. Netizen: I applied to the school that I entered in the fall of 2009. I have already received admission letters from several schools. Some of them have already sent the I-20 form, but I decided to apply for one university and then the others. Do I have to send the I-20 form back? If I don't send it back, will there be some records that will affect my subsequent visa application?