Burning Love in July Decisive Battle in the World PCGA Finals Grassroots Dreams We work hard because of our dreams, and people are great because of their dreams. "Who will conquer the world" is the slogan of the PCGA 2009 series of Grand Prix events. PCGA (Professional Gaming Alliance) has always been committed to creating a super Grand Prix with huge bonuses and easy participation for grassroots players. Dreamy grassroots players realize their gaming dreams. In the 2008 finals, PCGA offered an annual salary of 200,000 yuan just for the annual championship and joined the world's giant e-sports club -- the ultimate prize of the Pepsi WE team. The successful experience of the grassroots player SYC in 2008 may not only be among gamers A legend, more of an inspiration and inspiration for grassroots players with game dreams. Today, the legend will once again be within reach for more grassroots gamers. Thanks to PepsiCo (China) Co., Ltd. and Pepsi WE Team for their great assistance and full participation with great energy. In 2009, the PCGA Series Grand Prix retained the 200,000 annual salary and the attractive reward of joining the Pepsi WE Team. There are many prizes with a total value of more than one million yuan, and this does not include the nearly 5 million yuan point card rewards specially provided for the Audition project. Of course, this is not all. So, PCGA 2009, who will conquer the world? After nearly 4 months of fierce battles, nearly 70 grassroots game masters stood out from the more than a thousand games of the PCGA Millions Grand Prix participated by tens of thousands of people, and all rushed to Shanghai to prepare for the final battle. The most exciting and intense collisions are scheduled to be held at the ChinaJoy PCGA National Finals from July 23 to July 26. Most of the time, the climax is just a description or a metaphor, but it is the most appropriate and true portrayal of Hall 3 of this year's ChinaJoy. The end of the crowd is our PCGA finals scene. Although the surface temperature was as high as 40 degrees in the scorching summer of July, and even the crowd at ChinaJoy No. 3 had reached the limit of the venue, the PCGA Finals was still full of people, cheering one after another, and it was not lost to the grassroots competition of professional star duels. , All the stars of the Pepsi WE team helped out throughout the whole process, and a variety of on-site interactive activities with rich prizes and gifts jointly built the excitement and popularity of the PCGA finals. In addition to the world stars of the Pepsi WE team who were there to help out during the finals, well-known game commentators BBC, Xiaowei and Haitao co-hosted the PCGA finals. push. Warcraft III (WarCraft III) project champion (cash 10,000 yuan + AMD quad-core CPU and ATI4830 graphics card): Wu Lin (Xi'an division) runner-up (cash 5,000 yuan): Wang Yuzong (Nanchang division) Third runner-up (cash 2,000 yuan): Du Yuanyuan ( Hubei Division) StarCraft project champion (cash 10,000 yuan + AMD quad-core CPU and ATI4830 graphics card): Luo Xian (Beijing division) runner-up (cash 5,000 yuan): Zhang Minglu (Hunan division) Third runner-up (cash 2,000 yuan): Huang Feipeng (Southern Region) DoTA Project Champion (CNY 10,000 in cash + AMD quad-core CPU and ATI4830 graphics card): PV Team (Hubei Division) Runner-up (Cash 5,000): CT Team (Hunan Division) Third Runner-up (Cash 2,000): cYc Team ( Xi'an Division) Audition Project: Champion (cash 10,000 yuan + AMD quad-core CPU and ATI4830 graphics card): Shi Wen (Beijing Division) Runner-up (cash 5,000 yuan): Ma Long (Xi'an Division) Third runner-up (cash 2,000 yuan): Liu Rongtao (Xi'an Division) Division) PCGA 2009 Finals Fair Competition Award: Long Fei (Chongqing Division) Audition Project (22-inch ViewSonic Monitor) So far, the 4-day PCGA Finals have been fiercely decisive, and most of the suspense of the PCGA 2009 Series Grand Prix have been announced, thank you All the grassroots gamers who follow the PCGA and Pepsi (China) Co., Ltd. that power the event, as well as companies such as Razer, AMD, and ViewSonic, have great support. The final puzzle of the PCGA 2009 series of Grand Prix, who will join the Pepsi WE team and become the teammates of the e-sports king WE.Pepsi.Sky to compete in the world arena together and receive an annual salary of 200,000? This is the highest honor for all gamers. Who will take it? It will be jointly promoted by the PCGA Organizing Committee and the Pepsi WE team at a later date, so stay tuned. The PCGA 2009 Finals is an excellent opportunity for grassroots gamers to realize their dreams. If you miss the finals for any reason, you can visit the official PCGA website to register now. The PCGA 2009 Grand Prix series is still going on. If you have a dream, fight the world again, and the grass-roots dream will come true at this time. PCGA official website: http://www.pepsigamer.cn Main sponsor: Strategic partner: Sponsor: Cooperative media: