U.S. venture capitalists say they do not support stimulus plans for venture capital Implement a stimulus plan. Here's a summary of the article: Tom Friedman, a man I respect, wrote an op-ed in the New York Times today, suggesting that the U.S. government cancel the aid money it intends to allocate to the auto industry, and instead put these Funds are disbursed to venture capital firms. Tom wrote: Are you going to spend $20 billion in taxpayer dollars to create jobs? Okay, call 20 of the top US venture capital firms and tell them that the US Treasury will give them $1 billion each to put that money into the best investments. If they all fail, we all lose. But if they invest in one of the projects that can become the next Microsoft or Intel, then we've succeeded. I understand Tom's point that we should invest in the future rather than the past, and I agree with him on this point. However, the venture capital business no longer needs more capital. Right now, the venture capital business has too much money, not too little. You can ask the LPs who have overinvested in venture capital businesses over the past 15 to 20 years for their opinion, or you may not need to ask at all. They reduce funding for venture capital operations simply because the return on investment is lower. In my opinion, the top 20 venture capital firms are the ones that need the least aid. Venture capital firms such as Sequoias, Benchmarks, Accels and Kleiner Perkins can get the money they want at any time. Take Accels, which also raised a lot of money last fall at the height of the global financial crisis. For the venture capital industry, 10% to 20% of the top companies can capture more than 80% of the revenue. That's because the best entrepreneurs always want to work with venture capital firms that make money. Tom's idea looked very good on paper, but it could only be a dream. Top venture capital firms don't want, don't need and will never get funding from the government. This also applies to top entrepreneurs. And the worst venture capital firms are more than willing to get government funding. Much of the government's investment in the "innovation sector" goes to poor quality investors and poor entrepreneurs and management teams, a problem of adverse selection. A look at the venture capital industry's financially targeted investments over the past two decades shows that the rationale is simple and straightforward. There are also many good ideas now. My friend Brad Feld told me that Colorado legislation provides for a 50% tax credit for angel investors who invest in early stage businesses. I think this method is fine. But please don't interfere in the venture capital industry. The industry is doing well and doesn't need more capital injections or stimulus. (Ning Xian) Related reports: US billionaire Cuban launches open source venture capital plan: to stimulate economic recovery Funds used to nurture startups