As of February 2, 1,575 illegal websites have been closed. People's Daily Online, Beijing, February 3. The special campaign to rectify the vulgarity of the Internet continues to intensify. Following the closure of 55 illegal websites during the Spring Festival, they were closed again on February 2. 68 websites that distribute obscene and vulgar content. As of February 2, in the special campaign to rectify the vulgarity of the Internet, 1575 illegal websites that spread pornographic and vulgar content have been closed, and 148 obscene and pornographic blogs have been closed. According to the relevant person in charge of the National Special Action Office to Remediate Internet Vulgarity, the geographical distribution of websites closed according to law is relatively concentrated, with more than 50% concentrated in Jiangsu, Fujian, Zhejiang, Guangdong and other places, Fujian Xiamen Telecom, Jiangsu Yangzhou Telecom, Zhejiang Huzhou Telecom and other telecom operators have provided access services for some illegal websites. The person in charge pointed out that obscene pornographic and vulgar websites mainly seek ill-gotten wealth through charges such as mobile phones, landlines, and PHS. The threshold for opening a website is too low, and some telecom operators are ineffective in supervision, which is also one of the reasons why some illegal websites are repeatedly banned. The person in charge emphasized that the task of rectifying the vulgarity on the Internet is still very arduous, and a series of measures will be taken to resolutely curb the vulgarity on the Internet, and give no space for obscene, pornographic and vulgar websites to survive. No enterprise may provide charging channels for pornographic websites, and enterprises that provide access services and charging channels for illegal websites will be held accountable in accordance with laws and regulations. The responsible person also emphasized that it is not allowed to spread obscene and vulgar content on the Internet in any form, and it is also illegal to open a blog to spread obscene and pornographic information. Sina and other websites remove vulgar information from the Internet State Council Information Office: Rectifying vulgarity on the Internet is not a "gust of wind" List of the fifth batch of exposed websites nationwide to rectify vulgarity on the Internet All departments join hands to further promote the rectification of vulgarity on the Internet National rectification of vulgarity on the Internet The fourth batch of rectification of exposed websites Situation briefing to rectify the vulgarity of the Internet The third batch of exposed websites Situation briefing Five websites were asked to further clean up vulgar content 175 websites that spread obscene, pornographic and vulgar content were shut down in accordance with the law to rectify the vulgar customs of the Internet The first batch of exposed websites was released 12 commercial websites in Beijing Actively rectify vulgar information, 91 websites illegally spread obscene pornography and vulgar content and have been shut down