"A piece of foreign diploma travels all over the world" has begun to hit the wall. Morning News At the 6th press conference of the Ministry of Education in 2009 yesterday afternoon, the relevant person in charge of the Ministry of Education said that the growth rate of people studying abroad last year exceeded that of previous years. But it is too early to assert that "studying abroad may be more cost-effective and economical now", and a foreign diploma has already encountered a wall in the world. Zhang Xiuqin, director of the Department of International Cooperation and Exchange of the Ministry of Education, said that according to statistics and analysis over the years, the number of Chinese students studying abroad has been increasing since 2004, and this trend is expected to continue. Growth in 2008 was slightly higher than usual. The world financial crisis began to manifest last year, and the short-term economic prospects of European and American societies are not yet very clear. The exchange rate between the currency and the renminbi in some countries fluctuates greatly, so there is a saying in the society: it may be more cost-effective and more economical to study abroad now, so you should seize this opportunity and not miss it. Especially in the 14th International Education Exhibition held earlier, the number of exhibitors was higher than in previous years, and this idea is even more popular. Zhang Xiuqin believes that it is too early and too simplistic to make this conclusion. Because studying abroad is a very complicated matter, coupled with the impact of price fluctuations and the employment situation at home and abroad, it is not possible to make a judgment on the current cost and risk of studying abroad just by seeing short-term economic phenomena. Therefore, she suggested that studying abroad should consider various factors, such as tuition fees, personal ability to pay, and the number of opportunities provided by foreign scholarships. In addition, internships, work-study opportunities and employment prospects during the period of study abroad should be considered as one of the factors to consider when studying abroad. Affected by the global economic recession, the unemployment rate in countries studying abroad has generally risen, which means that it is much more difficult for those studying abroad to find employment than before.