The CRRC report believes that central enterprises will continue to promote the acquisition of land. Securities Times reporter Ai Lin commented on the impact of land acquisition by central enterprises on the Beijing real estate market. China Real Estate Research Center (CRRC) recently analyzed that if the government’s funds for central enterprises, especially the main business, do not include real estate Development of a central enterprise funds into the real estate industry to adopt a tacit attitude, in the future, the excess capital of central enterprises may continue to flow into the land market, which may lead to the property market entering a new wait-and-see period. The report believes that the entry of funds from central SOEs with strong strength and weak awareness of risk control into the Beijing land market will inevitably lead to intensified competition in the Beijing land market. When the macro economy has just stabilized, the bold inflow of funds from central enterprises has undoubtedly played a role in supporting the market and may hinder the proper market adjustment. Although the acquisition of land by central enterprises may not necessarily directly push up housing prices, however, the aggressive capital of central enterprises and the acquisition of land with large sums of money may make real estate consumers generally form a consensus on the bubble, and then it is expected that the government will regulate and control the bubble to make the bubble unsustainable, thus Take a wait-and-see approach to property purchases. In other words, an overly hot land market may lead to a new wait-and-see period for the property market. On May 15, Poly acquired a piece of land in Miyun, which is actually the first time this year that a real estate developer with a background in a central enterprise has acquired a piece of land. On May 21, although the land of No. 10 Guangqu Road was not finally acquired by China Electronics, it can be clearly seen that the funds of state-owned enterprises whose main business is not real estate development have begun to move. Related blogs: Kan Dao: Central SOEs participate in the crazy land acquisition to get rich for the people Chen Hui: Buying land at a high price may create a Chinese-style subprime mortgage crisis. I want to comment