The multi-layered and subtle beauty of traditional Chinese architectural courtyards is another we can see. In terms of painting, Chinese painting, landscape painting and Western painting have a big gap. This is also based on his understanding of the universe and life. big difference. So we can see that, in fact, the West and the whole world now pay attention to green, environmental protection, and the harmony between man and nature. In fact, our ancestors paid attention to it many years ago. He saw a lot of Chinese paintings. He had mountains, water, a small house, and even a very small person. From a historical point of view, China is a kind of harmony between man and nature. From the painting, we can express that the sky is big and the earth is small. The house is only a small part of the heaven and the earth. This environment is the most suitable environment for people to live in. Now we are thinking about it, we are returning, it turns out that this way is the most beautiful, and it is the environment for nurturing the old age. The West is more artificial, and more expressions are entities, expressing a kind of muscle, reality, a kind of artificiality. The way I am strong may be between heaven and earth, and less than Chinese people. many. Therefore, we are also thinking that many traditional Chinese things, whether it is a private garden in the south of the Yangtze River, or our Huizhou dwellings, including the Wang Family Courtyard in Shanxi, are the highest realms of Chinese living. That was the living environment created by the richest people in China back then, and we should study them. They were so rich back then, how could people who were richer than today create their own residence? I often say that family, family, is indeed a name that is entirely traditional. Family and family are two words, a family and a family. The combination of these two words is a family, otherwise it is a family that is divorced from tradition. A home is a house with family members, and a court is a family. Just like a high-rise building, we live in a drawer and have no access to heaven, earth, and nature. For example, in the current way of raising, there are wild and raised ones. All of us like to eat mutton. Mutton cannot be raised in a roll. We are more of a human and live in a drawer. Like we said, as soon as a couple quarrels, they go to the street as soon as the door is closed. Traditionally, this should never happen. The couple quarreled. As soon as I went out into the atom, I could sleep with confidence. But I ran into the street and didn't know where to go. Just like our imperial palace, what the Chinese need is a layer. In addition to indoor and outdoor, we also add at least three to five layers in our bedroom on the road between indoor and outdoor. This can meet the needs of people's living conditions. Just like a traditional house, first build a small house, and then close to the guard gate. When the guard gate comes in, there is a private garden and a small patio. There are many ways for me to get in touch with heaven and earth. This kind of level is actually something we can't understand. What we need in the design process of our buildings is the level, not black or white. This is not the need for people to move. For example, Suzhou gardens will bring the whole world to the yard. Why? He is inseparable from heaven and earth, and from nature. Therefore, we often see that one mountain, one water, one day, one flower, one tree, one spring and autumn, we must feel the spring, summer, autumn and winter at home. For example, after waking up, the leaves of the maple leaves are red, and this feeling can breathe with the world and the four seasons, rather than living in an artificial environment, with air conditioning and everything. It snowed suddenly when I went out, and what happened when I went out suddenly. In fact, tomorrow will make us feel the changes of the four seasons, and feel the sky and the earth, which is a very high realm pursued by our ancients. The family I just mentioned, the family has a family and a family, but now our life is a family without a family, which is not the highest state. Families are very different from those in the West. China hopes to have an outer court and a hall. The Chinese are more restrained. The doors in Shanxi are very simple, very simple doors, but when you enter the door, you will suddenly be enlightened. Chinese people have a very good understanding of human nature, even animals. Two days ago, we saw an animal world, just like the world of lions. What happens to whoever comes and who doesn't? The Chinese are very clear about human nature. The jealousy of people is the biggest, for example, the inequality between the rich and the poor, you have the same as I have. We want to put our happiness, all the better places than others, the richer places than others, the better life than others, and even a very good and beautiful wife, all things are put in the courtyard to enjoy. This is different from the West, China has so much good content. Including the Chinese environment, he wants to have different levels. For example, when I go home, sometimes I just want to wear a vest and shorts. It's good to play at home, it's very relaxed. If the West can't do these things in the garden, because there are always people walking by the side of the road to see how your home is. This is something that is completely different between Chinese and Westerners. I think this level is very high, that is, taking into account others and oneself. Why can Westerners kiss casually in the streets? Chinese people are different. Chinese people like to kiss in the most private places. This is the difference between Western culture and Chinese culture. They want to have a special relaxation. We just talked about the difference between China and the West, but I personally feel that we have built a lot of European villas in the first ten or twenty years, and more of them were taken from Europe, and even many villas are almost sent by many developers to design a design. The team, lived in a Spanish-style villa, Mediterranean for a week, and moved it over. In fact, this method can not last long. I think in the future this way is not in line with the way of the Chinese people. Everyone knows that the proportion of our villas in China is actually more easy to use. Including traditional villas, his environment is easy to use, and western villas must be beautiful. Just like the church we saw, the carving is very strong and it is really beautiful. Like a good-looking pair of heeled cloth shoes, cloth shoes are not very good-looking, but they are very comfortable to wear. We have also made some attempts in this direction. This is the Zhongshan Tsinghua Square, which is located in the southwest of Zhongshan, where the urban and rural areas meet. After making some attempts, the developer is still very confused. Will he repeat the style of Tsinghua Square in Chengdu and the style of Tsinghua Square in Guangdong? . Including Tsinghua Square in Chengdu, he found that there are many problems with repeated words, the construction period is very long and the cost is very high, which is his confusion. What kind of value these are, they also accepted it later, can we do some experimentation and innovation, remove the decoration and leave the essence. We built a townhouse in the first phase, and also built a single-family house. The townhouse has been moved in. There are hills and rivers here, and there is a century-old tree here. This is our townhouse. Regarding townhouses, I think we can see a lot of residential houses. There are not many single-family houses in China, and there are actually very few single-family houses in China. For example, when we went to Wuzhen, when we visited Wuzhen, there were some water towns, a street, all houses on both sides, no houses were independent, except for an ancestral hall, the houses were all connected, the facade was not big, but the path was deep. very large. There is a yard inside and a back garden. There is a very high wall between the rooms, which may also be a fire problem. These are all row-type. We also saw a detached house at the time. In fact, it is a detached house, and the distance between the two detached houses is also very small. It does not mean that the European and American style is completely separated from the environment. At that time, our idea was not an ordinary courtyard. We hoped that our buildings would follow the ground, and we hoped that the buildings would be scattered on the ground, instead of making a house with a courtyard. On the yard, we'll scatter some houses and get back to part of the yard. In this way, all our houses can have a very direct communication, flow, and line of sight relationship with nature and courtyards, or a relationship that is not possible. In addition, like many traditional houses, there is a wind corridor inside, which is very comfortable. Traditionally, in the absence of air conditioning and heating, they thought a lot about how to keep warm in winter and cool in summer, including floor height, etc. We may forget all these things when we have heating. We really consider green, these things are the fundamentals. If we increase energy consumption to achieve comfort, this is the highest level, and anyone can do it, but the Chinese have done a lot of how to achieve this through wisdom. For example, there is an intersection, there is a front room when you come in, there is a living room here, including some wind corridors here, we have left some space between the fence and the house. The upper wind can pass through here, allowing him to achieve the ventilation and cooling effect of the whole yard. Here are some of our attempts. Including some places, the relationship between height and courtyard. Here is a picture, there are lakes, mountains, water, and small houses. We create a way of harmony between man and nature. Architecture is really a part of this environment. Including night scenes, as well as houses and bridges, including the interior of the clubhouse, people in the clubhouse can see out some of his scenic windows, which may be somewhat different from our traditions, how to make an interaction between indoors and outdoors. Including this hundred-year-old tree, how to keep it, and how the building and the tree are combined. Including we often talk about some shades, these shades or trees will leave you with a lot of memories. Including trees, why now and old people seem to be unable to find their roots in the future, I think so. At least the house I lived in when I was a child no longer exists, or the house we live in now has no traces, it may be an empty house. But when the ancients returned their leaves to their roots when they were young, they still remembered that the trees in the yard grew up with him, and even played on the trees, leaving many traces. We say trees, houses, plants, trees are actually your companions and interact with you. But now we can't find it, it's an empty house, and there's nothing left. Including some bridges, which are some parts of the clubhouse, including the water, including the house and the fence, the house has been purified to the point where it can no longer be purified. I think everyone can have a chance to take a look in the future. Our photographers take pictures, including myself, but I can’t feel the feeling. Chinese architecture is experienced with heart, and Western architecture can be expressed with cameras, such as light and shadow, sculpture, etc. Wait, Chinese stuff has to be felt. This is a stone road for each household, and you can enter it differently. Including adding some garages, if there are no garages, the road can be made smaller. And we will set up some small lanes, including water, between the townhouses to create a different scale. This is the inner courtyard, including some gables between houses. The original walls will be very complicated, and now the entire gables are cleaned. This is the courtyard, this is the clubhouse, and the clubhouse at that time was made of grey bricks. The same is true for brick walls. It is really difficult for modern people to do it. It is very difficult for construction units to use brick deeds. This is a very distressing place. The new library of Tsinghua University was required to be made of bricks at that time, but the construction unit could not find it at that time. At that time, the Tsinghua Machinery Department also said that they could not find it, and finally found the old man team from Liujian, and gathered to help them find the library of Tsinghua University. Don't give them time, no deadlines, but I really can't find them now. At that time, we could not get a contract to find a person for the property. Basically, it was plastering and tiling. In any case, it is different from clear water glue. All of our bricks are corner bricks, which are so attached when burning, which was also expensive at the time. We explained to Party A that the money must be spent. If this project is not done well, all future projects will have quality problems, one is the effect, the other is the quality, so Party A still supports this method. Of course, doing some indoors is very difficult. Why? It is very difficult for ordinary people to accept Chinese-style things. As ordinary people, they pay more attention to the facade. The good ones sold in Zhongshan are bought by the owners who come to see them, but there are not many owners who really see photos from a distance. There is actually a lot of disconnect between today's life and traditional furniture and decoration. In these ways, some interiors are still more modern. Of course, this part of the clubhouse is more willing to do it. Including the interior, basically according to the modern, it is difficult to achieve, how to get away from it a little, the essence of our thing is the relationship between people and the house. When it comes to our interior, we can only do it in a modern way. Including many at that time, our Chinese-style industry could not reach, how do we use Chinese-style industry to achieve decoration, or a way for people to appreciate, we are more concerned about a relationship between indoor and outdoor, including aluminum alloy windows, etc. Wait. Of course, I have some regrets after finishing this time. In fact, the biggest way to save is what kind of way. I also mentioned just now that in fact we are just trying to attract new ideas. In fact, there are more people who can do it well. We feel that with this courtyard, the layout has taken down the essence of tradition, but we can still make some attempts on the facade. I think it's not enough to try this. Recently, we are also doing some new Chinese-style things, such as the northern region, Anhui region, and different regions, and we are also discussing. Is it possible that the Chinese style can be softened on the façade? It can be extremely simple, waterproof, white walls and black tiles. For example, the essence of Chinese style can be lifted, and some wooden structures can be placed on the side. Nowadays, most of the interiors are made of suspended ceilings, making it very modern, but it is completely possible to use some wooden structures, and at the same time, it has the function of structure and decoration. On many facades, more people may appreciate and feel how to better integrate with the environment through white walls and gold bricks. This is the end of my speech. I hope that everyone can have a good discussion and exchange in a while. Thank you! i want to comment