There are no wonders: look at the eight wonders of Japanese companies. After staying in Dongying for several years, especially after participating in the acquisition and receiving the business of a Japanese company, I gradually learned a little bit about Japanese companies. Although it is inevitable to miss a thousand mistakes, it is found that compared with other countries, Japanese companies have some maverick traditions, and they have sorted them out, imitating the routine of the educated youth commenting on the "eight monsters in Yunnan", and compiled an unauthoritative version of "Japanese companies". Eight Wonders". The first oddity: There is no eldest daughter in the office. It was the first time to work in a Japanese company. It felt like returning to a Chinese foreign company in the early 1990s, and I felt a little dizzy. why? Just because the female staff of this Japanese company is a young girl, most of them are in their twenties, and those in their thirties are rare. As for the Huafa-level aunts who are enthusiastic to show people in domestic companies, they are very rare here. . Japanese female employees tend to dress up in style and behave appropriately. They don't comment on how they look. This youth itself is invincible, and it gives people a feeling of vigor. The reason why it is said to be like a foreign company in China back then is that most of the foreign companies in China were just starting out at that time, and there was no historical accumulation, and the recruitment system for older Chinese inevitably lacked the stability of the "iron rice bowl". Therefore, only young men and women with capital and adventure can be recruited. Therefore, the early foreign companies were mostly dominated by young people in their twenties. But after a closer look, I found that this Japanese company is still a little different - the women are all about the same age, and the male staff are of different ages, with uneven black heads, white heads, and flower heads. This made me wonder at the time - where are all the older female staff in Japan? Qian Xuantong said that people over forty should commit suicide if they don't die. Could this company be so radical? But Qian Lao's theory does not distinguish between men and women... After a long time, I realized that it is a common phenomenon for female employees in Japanese companies to be young, but of course the reason is not as scary as Mr. Qian said, but Japanese women have a tradition that after marriage, they do not Go back to work and stay at home with your husband and children. When we watched the TV series "A Xin", we may still have an impression. Before marriage, A Xin spent many years studying in the barbershop, but after getting married, he never once looked for a job. Japan is a matter of course. Therefore, when they reach the age of marriage, such as twenty-six or seven years old, female employees have "gloriously retired" one after another, and naturally they will not be seen in the office. However, this phenomenon is not absolute in recent years. The education level of Japanese women has gradually improved, and some female doctors and masters have left the school. Under the impact of modern social thoughts, they have refused to go around the stove after marriage like their predecessors. After a large number of foreign companies entered Japan, women have more opportunities to develop after marriage. Today, in some Japanese companies, female ministers and managers have begun to appear. The second oddity: Men are born to take advantage. In Japan, secretly open the financial statement to see that the salary of company employees is not low, and the tax is often higher than in Canada and Australia. Sometimes some friends will complain to Sa based on this, saying that they all do the same work, why should they take more in Japan? Sa said, hey, it can't be calculated like this, it is reasonable for the Japanese to halve their wages. The claim that halving is reasonable is a bit of an exaggeration, but not entirely unreasonable. In most Japanese families, only men earn money outside, and the concept of "double-earning" is not popular in Japan. Compared with the situation of couples working together in many countries, since half of the people earning money are less than half, it is not surprising that when discussing wages, it is not surprising. Because of this, in Japanese society, the status of men is not generally high. No matter in the East or the West, there is a tradition of "ladies first". Only in Japanese companies, if there are men and women at the elevator entrance, it must be the woman who presses the elevator button and smiles attentively. -Is the man a golden beam of Japanese society? Therefore, it is basically a foreigner who makes a "Lady First" in Japan. This reversal of the order of men and women seems to be the only example I've seen in every country in the world. In fact, this kind of inequality is also reflected in the distribution and promotion within the company. Men have a natural advantage in this regard. At the same time, the wages of male and female employees who enter the company are often different, and men are always tens of thousands more. The strange thing is that Japanese women are also quite comfortable with this phenomenon. It may be that traditional thinking is deeply rooted in the hearts of the people. Female employees in Japanese companies mostly undertake clerical work such as secretaries and cashiers, and rarely enter the development and research departments that involve the lifeline of the company. If they want to be promoted to management, they must work much more hard than male employees. Chinese friends who are accustomed to the education of "equality between men and women and equal pay for equal work" may feel a little uncomfortable when they suddenly come to Japanese companies. It seems that Japan seems to be a paradise for men. In fact, this is not always the case. If you think about it in reverse, you will understand that in other countries, the burden of both sexes is mostly shouldered by men in Japan, and the hard work will naturally be much more... In the case of insufficient, it is also striving for more women to enter social work. In the past, as long as the wife was a housewife at home, hundreds of thousands of "housewife subsidies" would come naturally every year. When Koizumi became the prime minister, this policy was changed. First, it saved some expenses, and secondly, it encouraged women to go out to work more. Perhaps, this is a good way to solve the labor shortage in Japanese society. The third oddity: foreigners pay a heavy salute In Japanese companies, "ceremony" is a very fatal thing. It does not mean bowing and saying hello between colleagues, but various ceremonies within the company. In the daily work of Japanese companies, there are many and eye-catching ceremonies called "ceremonies". Some people say that the number of Chinese state-owned enterprises is a must. According to my observation, the "ceremonies" of Japanese companies are so many and complicated. It's a one-of-a-kind. Japan is a place that places great emphasis on ceremonies, believing that through various company-centric ceremonies, corporate cohesion can be strengthened and the spirit of cooperation can be enhanced. Therefore, regardless of awarding, Chinese New Year, resignation and job assignment, etc., a formal and serious "ceremony" must be held. As mentioned earlier, most companies in Japan have a "morning ceremony" when they go to work. Everyone has to participate, stand together, listen to training, applaud, and shout slogans. It is a ceremony to indicate that the work is about to start and everyone will cheer up. It's a bit of a ceremony. Like the flag-raising ceremony organized by our primary and secondary schools. When it comes to off-duty time, many companies still have "Xi Li", employees should listen to the boss's words of encouragement and thanks or the company's corporate song and other things, and finally the boss said: "You have worked hard, and I will continue to rely on it in the future. ." The staff replied, "Please take care of me too." Then they dismissed and went home. However, once I went to visit a big Japanese company under the tree with a certain foreigner, but almost made an international joke because it was catching up with "Xi Li". The reason is that the company's corporate song was personally approved by its founder. Probably thinking of the difficulty of starting a business step by step, I felt very emotional, and the melody was very tragic. When our car entered the company, we saw its employees stand and listen to the "tragic" singing, with the setting sun in the background and the wind blowing in the west. Our boss froze all over, turned around with goosebumps and said seriously: "It seems that we are not at the right time, an important person in their company may have just passed away..." For new employee training, Japanese companies take more measures" It is equivalent to closed training in the football industry in our country. During the closed period, the most indispensable thing every day is all kinds of "ceremonies". These "ceremonies", no matter how big or small, have fixed procedures. Because of the special training, the employees of Japanese companies are all experts in "ceremony". However, these complex ceremonies are difficult for foreigners to understand, and an American colleague of mine was in charge of taking over a Japanese company, and in order to do his job well, figuring out these "ceremonies" became a big problem. He taught this to his Japanese colleagues, and after three hours of reading a textbook similar to the Infantry Code, he was still struggling with the question of when to shout "Ooh" and when to shout "Haha". Seeing that this person was in danger of suffocation, Sa, who could not see, went to relieve the siege. Sa asked: "Do you stand up when others stand up?" The American replied: "Yes." Sa asked: "Do you bow when you see people bowing? Do you follow the drum when you applaud?" The American replied: " Yes." Sa asked: "Then when they are babbling, do you also mutter some vague things, such as reading the eighth chapter of the Bible?" The American replied: "This...if it is replaced by Hollywood lines, it should be No problem." Sa: "Then you just deal with this and it's over, why are you still studying that book?" American: "￥#??##￥￥￥%%??"