Record: The Hundred Flowers Awards Announced "Assembly" after Li Bingbing's big win, Sina Entertainment News The 29th Hundred Flowers Awards Ceremony ended in Dalian on the evening of the 13th. "Assembly ()" directed by Feng Xiaogang won four awards for Best Feature Film, Best Director, Best Actor and Best Supporting Actor, becoming the biggest winner of this year's Hundred Flowers. Li Bingbing (Tingge blog), who has attended the Golden Rooster and Hundred Flowers Award Ceremony for four consecutive times, was finally crowned the Queen with "Yunshui Ballad". Hello, all Sina netizens! The beautiful hostess appeared together and "touted" each other Jingwei (blog): Friends from the audience at the scene and in front of the TV! Hello everyone! Patty Hou: Dear friends, good evening. Jingwei: The one next to me is Miss Patty Hou, a beautiful anchor from Taiwan! Patty Hou: The person beside me is Miss Jingwei, the head of the movie channel! Jingwei: Thank you. Yes, dear audience friends, we are now in the multi-function hall of the Expo Plaza in Dalian! Live broadcast of the 29th Hundred Flowers Awards Ceremony for Popular Films hosted by China Federation of Literary and Art Circles and China Film Association (blog)! Patty Hou: Welcome everyone to come here today. At the same time, let's watch a short video to understand the selection process of this year's Hundred Flowers Awards. (Snippet) Patty Hou: Everyone should have noticed that the Hundred Flowers Award for Popular Films is connected with all audiences. The first word and the last word together are Dalian! Jingwei: That's right, so we want to thank the movie and the Hundred Flowers Award! Thanks Dalian! Today, I would like to introduce to you in particular, the front row of the scene is seated by our 101 public judges! They are all generated from the audience who participated in the voting for the Hundred Flowers Award across the country. Patty Hou: Yes, they are already seated! Please also ask the public judges this evening to stand up and accept the applause of hundreds of millions of audiences for their trust in you! Jingwei: Thank you, please take a seat. The Hundred Flowers Awards Ceremony has a plot, some weeping, some laughing Patty Hou: Tonight's event is very special. You see, the big curtain behind us hasn't opened yet, it reminds me of watching movies when I was a kid. Everyone was in their seats, waiting anxiously. Our awards ceremony today has a plot. There must be some people laughing, some people crying, and maybe some unexpected moves. Jingwei: Then quickly open our curtain and reveal the final mystery for everyone. (Outdoor movie performance by the sea) Jingwei: Welcome Xu Jinglei (Tingge blog), Jinglei, hello. Xu Jinglei: Hello. Patty Hou: When you came out of the colorful flowers just now, how did you feel when you saw so many children cheering? Lao Xu. Xu Jinglei: Very happy, very excited, and very nervous. Jingwei: Xu Jinglei has acted in a play, been a director, and hosting it should be the first time, right? Xu Jinglei: Yes, I hosted the awards ceremony of the Directors Guild in the past. After I came down, Director Heping said that Xu Jinglei would never want you to be the host in the future (laughs), because I was very nervous, but fortunately there are two of you who are very professional hosts this time. When people are here, I play that kind of announcer role (laughs). Patty Hou: Today, we are very nervous standing on the stage. We bow to all the filmmakers, the guests at the scene, and the audience friends in front of the TV. Please give me more advice. Dong Jie served as the guest of honor to announce the best supporting actress award candidate Jingwei: Well, next, let's quickly introduce the first award of the 29th Hundred Flowers Awards to the audience, the Best Supporting Actress Award. Please invite the beautiful Dalian girl Dong Jie ()! Dong Jie: Good evening, everyone. I am very happy to present the first award of the 29th Hundred Flowers Film Awards. I returned to my hometown Dalian to shoot my first film "Happy Times" and became a film actor. In fact, I think that no matter the size of the role, we all want to truly move the audience. Next, let the audience take a look at the wonderful performances of the actors who play supporting roles in these movies, and see how they move us with their sincerity? (Small Film) Gui Yalei ("The Ballad of Clouds and Water") Luo Haiqiong (blog) ("Assembly ()") Hou Shu ("Crazy Stone" (blog)) Yang Jing ("Invisible Wings") Jingwei: Thank you Dong Jie, thank you . Patty Hou, have you watched the voting at the last Hundred Flowers Awards held in Hangzhou? Patty Hou: Of course, I was very nervous, and I voted directly on the spot. I remember last year's Best Actress Award was Rene Liu (Dingge blog). Jingwei: Rene Liu didn't come to the scene because of work, but our public judges still voted for her. Patty Hou: This shows that our vote was very fair. Jingwei: Today we also have notaries from the notary office come to the scene. Jingwei: They also came to the scene today. They are Tian Hong and An Lina, notaries from Beijing Fangzheng Notary Public Office. They will supervise the whole process to ensure that our voting results are true and valid. Patty Hou: On our list of 101 judges, there are also two audience members from the earthquake-stricken areas, one from Beichuan and one from Mianyang. Patty Hou: Hello! Please say hello to everyone who cares and supports you! Jingwei: Hello, welcome to the scene of the Hundred Flowers Award selection event. In fact, since May this year, all of us Chinese have spent an unforgettable time together. At that time, we felt a kind of spirit, hope and dream, and it is precisely this kind of spirit that the filmmakers bring to everyone. support. Patty Hou: That's right, we are spreading Chinese films to the world today, and at the same time showing the resilience of the Chinese people. Jingwei: I want to use the name of a movie to tell the people in the disaster area and the movie audiences in the disaster area, we will always be "with you"! Gui Yalei won the Best Supporting Actress Award for "Yun Shui Yao" Patty Hou: Let's start voting. 101 public judges, are you ready? Please use the voting machine in your hand to choose the best in your heart on the spot. Jingwei: Please show our candidate list on the big screen, and the voting begins! Patty Hou: Gui Yalei is currently leading. Jingwei: It is far ahead, and now it has 68 votes, 74 votes. Patty Hou: 76 votes. When the time is up, I would like to dedicate the warmest applause to Ms. Gui Yalei. Please come to the stage to accept the award. At the same time, please invite the presenters: Ge Cunzhuang and Yuan Qiu to present the award to Gui Yalei. Patty Hou: Congratulations to Sister Yalei, Ms. Gui Yalei has won the Golden Horse Award four times. Jingwei: Congratulations to Ms. Gui Yalei. Gui Yalei: I've never been so excited before. I'm really nervous watching the votes come up one by one, thank you! Thanks! I think I am a very trustworthy person. Once I wanted to be a singer, I made a record, then I wanted to be a movie star, I became an actor, I knew about the Golden Rooster and Hundred Flowers Award more than 20 years ago, I was thinking, one day Can I stand here? Dreams come true (listen to the song)! Thanks to Director Yin Li, to the audience and friends, your support is the best encouragement to me. On the eve of the Mid-Autumn Festival, I received such a beautiful gift, thank you! thanks. Thank you, and I wish you a happy Mid-Autumn Festival. Teacher Gui Yalei wanted to get to the scene by virtue of Yunshui. Today Ruoxuan Xu also came to the scene and was nominated. Do you want to encourage her? Gui Yalei: Both Li Bingbing (Tingge blog) and Xu Ruoxuan were shortlisted for Best Actress. I wish them all the best. I told them just now, to be honest, victory or defeat is a matter of the military. It's all the same, because being shortlisted is encouragement, and winning is lucky! Jingwei: Okay, then please read "How We Watch Movies--One Hundred Flowers Questionnaire". (Small Movie) Fu Dalong Announces Best Supporting Actor Award Finalists Jingwei: Dear audience friends, here is the scene of the 29th Popular Film Hundred Flowers Awards Ceremony! Next up for you is the second award, Best Supporting Actor. Patty Hou: We have invited actor Fu Dalong. Fu Dalong: Good evening everyone! In 2008, there are two words that make us most unforgettable: the Wenchuan earthquake and the Beijing Olympics. Because of these two words, we China, our global Chinese are united like never before, and each of us is proud and proud to be Chinese, right? friends? 2008 is also the 30th year of China's reform and opening up. Many vivid faces, shining days, and unforgettable scenes have been recorded and treasured by the lens of Chinese films. I am a Chinese filmmaker, and I am proud, including them, the outstanding actors we are about to see nominated for this year's Best Supporting Actor Award, I believe, it will surely make you unforgettable. (Small Film) Deng Chao (Ting Ge blog) ("Assembly") Jay Chou (Ting Ge) ("The Golden Armor (blog)") Chen Baoguo (blog) ("Baby Project") Xu Zheng ("Crazy Stone") ) Qin Han ("The Ballad of Clouds and Water") Jingwei: Thank you Fu Dalong! Thanks! Patzen just looked at the nomination list. Who among them do you think will win? Patty Hou: I know who Jackie Chan (Dingge blog) should hope to win the award (laughs). I could feel his eyes twinkle just now. Jingwei: You are talking about yourself (laughs)! Deng Chao won the Best Supporting Actor Award and joked that he wanted to call Sun Li Patty Hou: Next, we will leave the decision to 101 public judges. Are you ready? Please vote. Jingwei: Deng Chao leads the vote. Congratulations to Deng Chao, who won the Golden Rooster and Hundred Flowers Award for Best Supporting Actor with 65 votes. Please come to the stage to accept the award. There are honorees Wang Fuli and Tao Zeru. Jingwei: Congratulations to Deng Chao! Thank you presenters! Deng Chao has a request here. Deng Chao: Thank you. Jingwei: At the last Hundred Flowers Awards, Sun Li (Ting Ge) won the best newcomer. She didn't call you on stage. However, after the awards ceremony, our reporter filmed Sun Li calling you. What do you want to tell her today? Is there a way to celebrate? Deng Chao: No. Jingwei: Also make a phone call? Deng Chao: Yes. Patty Hou: Tell me how you feel about winning the award! Deng Chao: I'm very excited. There are too many people to thank, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you in front of the TV! I think there are many best things in a person's life. To win this trophy, I think it takes me back to the winter that I and Jiulian, my brothers and I walked through together, I think that winter was me The best winter of my life. By the way, I have to add, not today, tomorrow is the Mid-Autumn Festival, I wish everyone a happy Mid-Autumn Festival! The Mid-Autumn Festival is a day for everyone to reunite. Here I use this machine to tell my parents, my parents, you are my favorite people! This award is also dedicated to you as your Mid-Autumn Festival gift, thank you. Jingwei: What a Mid-Autumn Festival gift, congratulations to Deng Chao again, thank you. Here is a piece of good news to announce to you. In order to recognize those filmmakers who have been silently contributing to Chinese films all their lives, the Presidium of the China Film Association has decided to award the Golden Rooster Lifetime Achievement Award this year. This year's Golden Rooster Lifetime Achievement Award is awarded to two veteran film artists over 90. We will present this award later. Patty Hou: And now we want to listen to "Love Letter to Filmmakers" brought by Xu Ruyun (Dingge blog). (Xu Ruyun's "Love Letter to Filmmakers") Liu Xiao celebrates Xijuan and others talking about cooperation with Chen Qiang Xu Jinglei: In my mind, there is an actor I respect very much. He has only played a supporting role in his life and never played a leading role. For physical reasons, I rarely see his films anymore, and he may not have appeared in the public eye for a long time. Who is he? Next, I would like to invite two guests, both of whom have worked with this veteran actor. I invite Zhu Xijuan, the actress of the first Hundred Flowers Award, Liu Xiaoqing, who has won the Hundred Flowers Award for three consecutive times (blog)! Xu Jinglei: Hello two teachers, can you tell us about your experience working with this old actor? Liu Xiaoqing: This teacher is the first I knew about him. I grew up watching his movies, and he has always acted as a villain. I always thought he was very bad. A PLA soldier pulled out a gun and tried to kill him. Later, I collaborated with him on a film. As a result, I only had 28 shots in this film. Later, I won the Best Supporting Actor Award at the Hundred Flowers Award. At that time, there was no supporting actor. The prize is such a teacher who is very special to me. Zhu Xijuan: When I was 21 years old, I was fortunate to be able to work with famous actors like Teacher Chen Qiang and Wang Xinggang for the first time in a movie. At that time, I was very excited. Teacher Chen Qiang and I were enemies on the screen. He said that I had already solved the mystery. It was revealed that I am a straight-forward person, but we are good friends off the screen. My first movie and first character all depended on their help, especially the help of this old man, so I said the first Hundred Flowers I can get the Best Actress Award, he can get the Supporting Actor Award, I think he has a credit, and I still have to thank him until now. Chen Qiang won the Lifetime Achievement Award Chen Peisi accepted the award on behalf of his father Xu Jinglei: Okay, thank you, Mr. Zhu Xijuan, and thank you Sister Liu Xiaoqing. I think now, everyone already knows who he is. Let's start by watching a short film to see the performance artist who has been away from the audience for a long time! (Small Film) Xu Jinglei: A very exciting and touching short film. Next, I invite the honorary chairman of the China Film Association, director artist Xie Tieli (blog), actor Zhu Xijuan, and Liu Xiaoqing to present Teacher Chen Qiang with the Golden Rooster Award for Lifetime Achievement! Please Chen Peisi accept the award on behalf of his father!