The list of the third batch of websites to rectify the vulgarity of the Internet in China exposes the Internet Illegal and Bad Information Reporting Center. According to public reports and inspections, the following websites have a large number of vulgar content that violates social morality and harms the physical and mental health of young people, some of which are pornographic in nature, and have been rectified nationwide. No effective measures have been taken after the launch of the Internet Vulgarity Special Action, which is hereby announced. 1. There is a lot of vulgar content in the "Group" column of "Intranet" (Location: Beijing). 2. There are a lot of vulgar pictures in the "Entertainment News" and "Sports News" columns of "Jinghua.com" (Location: Beijing). 3. There are a lot of vulgar pictures in the "Hot Photos" and "Reassured Post Bar" columns of "Reassured Medical Court Network" (Location: Beijing). 4. There are a lot of vulgar videos in the "DV" and "Beauty" channels of the video software of "Qing Entertainment" (Location: Beijing). 5. There are a lot of vulgar pictures in the "Photos of Stars" column of "Zorro Net" (Location: Beijing). 6. There are a lot of vulgar pictures in the "Mobile Gallery" column of "Mobile China" (Location: Beijing). 7. There are a lot of vulgar pictures in the "Sexy Beauty" column of the "Photo" channel of "Jiuyou.com" (Location: Shanghai). 8. There are a lot of vulgar video content in the "Video Search" results of "Mofang.com" (Location: Shanghai). 9. There are a lot of vulgar pictures in the "Picture Center" channel, "Crush" channel, and the "Leisure Stickers" section of the "99you Changyou Tianxia" website (Location: Shanghai). 10. There are a lot of vulgar pictures in the "Animation Channel" of "Southern Net" (Location: Guangdong). 11. There are a lot of vulgar content in the "Photos" column of the "Entertainment" channel of "Aoyiwang" (Location: Guangdong), the "Gender Topics" and "Yangtze River No. 1" sections of the "Aoyi Forum". 12. There are a lot of vulgar pictures on the "Sports" channel of "WAP" (Location: Guangdong). 13. There are a lot of vulgar pictures in the "Looking around" column of the "Entertainment" channel of "Kugou.com" (Location: Guangdong). 14. There are a lot of vulgar pictures in the "Star Film and Television" column of "I Love E-Books" (Location: Jiangsu). 15. There is a lot of vulgar video content in the "Beauty Video" column of "Da Shiwang" (Location: Fujian). 16. There are a lot of pornographic and vulgar content in the “Audio and Video Appreciation” section of the “Muwen Finance” website (Location: Fujian), the “Photography”, “Stars” and “Body Art” columns of the “Tuku” channel. 17. There are a lot of pornographic and vulgar content in the "Original Novel" column of "Kaidi.com" (Location: Hainan). The aforementioned sites should immediately clean up pornographic and vulgar content. For those who do not clean up pornographic and vulgar content in a timely manner, relevant departments will be asked to close the website according to law. Netizens are welcome to continue to actively report illegal and bad information online. Internet Illegal and Bad Information Reporting Center of Internet Society of China