09 The weather vane of studying abroad: Poland has the highest comprehensive cost-effectiveness. Due to the impact of the economic crisis, American universities hope to stimulate the industrialization of education by increasing the number of international students studying abroad. According to statistics, in 2007 the US embassies and consulates in China issued a total of 37,000 student visas, a record high. Affected by the financial crisis, especially in the huge changes in exchange rates, the strength of the RMB has led to a drop in the cost of studying abroad. For students, the cost-effectiveness of studying abroad has been greatly improved. According to the current exchange rate to study in the United States, the cost of studying abroad (including tuition and living expenses) can save 30,000 to 40,000 yuan a year, and the cost of studying in Canada is about 40,000 yuan less than the same period last year. At the same time, in order to get rid of economic difficulties as much as possible, overseas colleges and universities have also offered preferential policies such as "improving scholarships" and "relaxing visa conditions" to attract Chinese students. In this case, people are often disturbed by dazzling information about studying abroad, so it is more important to recognize the situation. When choosing a country to study abroad, the proportion of Chinese students is the primary issue to consider. In countries with a large proportion of Chinese students studying abroad, relatively speaking, the market competition is fierce and the employment space is not very large. So you might as well turn your attention to those countries in Europe where there are fewer Chinese students. Poland is located in the center of Europe, with outstanding people and many world celebrities. It is a diverse country that has won the most Nobel Prizes. For many centuries, Poland has acted as a bridge between Eastern and Western cultures and is one of the fastest growing countries in the European Union. The economic and trade between Poland and China has just started, and the market space is very large. Polish universities only officially began to recruit Chinese students in 2007. There are relatively few Chinese students, so relatively speaking, Chinese students studying in Poland have a large market space. The employment rate is relatively secure. First-class schools cultivate first-class talents Second, whether students can enter the country's first-class institutions is a prerequisite for future career development. If you can't get into a first-class university, but a second- and third-rate university, then it doesn't make much sense to go abroad. It's good to study in our domestic university. Poland's overall education level is in the forefront of the world, especially the Gdansk University of Technology, which ranks first in Poland's business department, comes to China to recruit students, and it is taught in English, so it is very popular. Godańsk University of Technology is the oldest and largest technology-based public university in Pomerania. The Godańsk University of Technology was established in 1970. The university merged the original Sopot School of Economics and the Godańsk School of Education, combining Combining high-quality teaching resources, it is the largest higher education institution in Pomerania and a key comprehensive university in Poland. There are currently 2,500 faculty members, including 1,200 academic faculty members. There are more than 20,000 students studying in the university. The university offers comprehensive disciplines such as architecture, business, management, machinery, mathematics, computer technology, environmental engineering, construction engineering, communication engineering, and electronic control engineering. The university has 9 colleges covering almost the entire field of science and technology. The university has the most advanced scientific instruments and equipment in the world, and also has a very wide range of educational resources. The University of Technology in Gdansk is not only a world-renowned university of science and technology, but also is among the best in Poland for its distinctive international business, business management and other majors and is also very famous in the world. At the same time, it was selected by the European Union as the famous ERASMUS MUNDUS cooperative university in Europe. The University of Technology Gdansk is taught entirely in English, and students receive degrees that are globally recognized. Therefore, this globally famous public university graduates with very diverse professional settings, especially the school keeps up with market changes. In this way, many new professions were born. As a result, such talents are quite scarce at home and abroad, so whether they are ready to work in Poland or other European countries after graduation, they are very competitive. Therefore, students and parents must choose a study abroad country according to the current situation. Employment is certainly easier. The comprehensive cost-effectiveness cannot be ignored. In addition, parents should not blindly follow the trend and choose a developed country. They should choose a country according to their own economic strength, and do not rely on students to work and study to solve the problem of students' expenses, especially in the current economic crisis. It's not that easy, and it also affects students' studies. The cost of Poland is one-third of the cost of the EU Schengen countries, and a total of 50,000-80,000 yuan is needed a year, which is definitely suitable for the domestic working class. Since Poland has officially implemented the EU Schengen Agreement, the economic guarantee to Poland is low. According to the relevant laws of the European Union, the door from Poland to Western Europe, the United States and related English-speaking countries has been opened. With a Polish visa, you can go to other European countries without a visa, so students and parents no longer have to go through the gates that were strictly censored in Europe and the United States, but instead use Poland as a transit point to Europe and the United States. . The economic guarantee for going to Poland is low, and holders of a Polish visa can go to other European countries visa-free.