Interview Record of Study Abroad: Aoji Experts Talk About International Education Tour Exhibition At 5 pm on October 16, Cao Hong, director of domestic market of Beijing Aoji Education Consulting Co., Ltd., Sun Jing, director of Australia and New Asia Study Abroad Center, Sun Nan, director of American and British Study Abroad Center, and Canada Europe Study Abroad The director of the center, Liu Shimin, visited Sina, and communicated with netizens on topics related to studying abroad, such as the "2007 Golden Autumn International Education Tour Exhibition", and gave detailed answers to the questions raised by netizens. The following is the transcript of this chat: The person in charge of Beijing Ao International Education talks about the host of the international education tour exhibition: Actually, when it comes to the topic of studying abroad, many netizens have plans to study abroad, but when it comes to how to study abroad, everyone does not know the reason. So of course, because in the end what kind of procedures to go through, what kind of channels to study abroad, in the end what kind of study abroad? These are pretty difficult things. Today, I have four people, but now I will introduce three people to you. Professionals in this field will answer related topics to our netizens. Let me introduce some of the guests who are guests in the Sina guest chat room today. The first introduction is Mr. Cao Hong, the domestic marketing director of Beijing Aoji Education Consulting Co., Ltd. Cao Hong: Hello, all Sina netizens, I am Cao Hong, Marketing Director of Ao International Study Abroad, and I am very happy to share this happy time with you this afternoon. Moderator: The second is Ms. Sun Jingsun, the director of the Australia-New Asia Study Abroad Center of Aust International Education Consulting Company. Sun Jing: Hello, Sina netizens, I am Sun Jing, director of the Australia International Study Abroad Center. Moderator: You are in charge of Australia, New Zealand and Asia. If netizens have any questions in this area, they can ask them in time, and professionals will give you a very good answer. The next guest was Sun Nan, director of the UK-US Study Abroad Center. Sun Nan: Hello everyone, I am Sun Nan, Director of the UK-US Study Abroad Center. I am very happy to introduce to you about our education exhibition, services for studying abroad and attempts to study abroad. Moderator: If you have any questions about studying in the UK and the US, you can ask Director Sun Nan. Wait for Liu Shimin, director of the Canada-Europe Study Abroad Center, he will also introduce you to the issues related to studying in Canada and Europe. The first question I would like to ask Mr. Cao, because Aoji Study Abroad has an educational tour exhibition. It is understood that this tour exhibition has been held for many years. Cao Hong: It should be said that Australia International Study Abroad has held such education exhibitions or admissions exhibitions. It should have been 7 years, from 2000 to the present. The 2007 Golden Autumn Education Touring Exhibition held this time is the 28th International Education Touring Exhibition. Moderator: Has it been held for the 28th session? Cao Hong: Yes. Moderator: Every year, and many times? Cao Hong: Yes, I am talking about the 28th International Education Tour Exhibition for various countries. For different countries, such as the United States, Canada, the United Kingdom, and Malaysia, the more mainstream countries, we also hold different independent education exhibitions every year, and special education exhibitions for these countries. Moderator: In fact, there are only four regular education exhibitions or relatively large education exhibitions a year, and this one is the largest every autumn. This year's one is called the 2007 Golden Autumn International Education Touring Exhibition. It is said that this year's touring exhibition is also very large and has many unique features. Cao Hong: This year's international education tour exhibition should be said to be the largest one in the history of Australian international students studying abroad. From 2000 to the present, we have never invited more than 150 institutions to such a large-scale education exhibition. Therefore, this education exhibition is a very severe test for us, for the Australian International Study Abroad, and for the entire Chinese study abroad industry. This is because it can be seen that the demand for Chinese students studying abroad is very large, and overseas colleges and universities are also looking forward to developing the Chinese study abroad market. Therefore, we use such a platform to provide a very good opportunity to communicate with overseas institutions and the majority of Chinese students and their parents. Moderator: You just said two things that inspire me a lot. First, the Chinese have a huge demand for studying abroad. Second, many foreign institutions want to develop the Chinese market. Cao Hong: Yes. Moderator: What is the demand situation in China, according to your understanding? Cao Hong: As far as I know, from the statistics of the overseas study market in Australia International, for example, from 2000 to the present, the number of students who first came to study in Australia may have only increased from 2,000 to 3,000 to 4,000. According to our statistics last year, those who go to Australia to study abroad have accounted for the mainstream of the entire study abroad market, accounting for more than 95%. At the same time, the number of its international students has reached nearly 8,000 to 10,000. This data is very impressive. It is possible that the number of students who go to study in Australia every year may be 30,000 to 40,000. We may account for nearly one-third of the number. So, this number is very impressive. Moderator: One-third of the students who go to study in Australia go out through Aoji, that is, through our director Sun Jing. You may know how much director Sun Jing needs to study in China, or have more information. Intuitive experience, how do you understand this aspect? Sun Jing: Australia International started to study abroad in 1989, mainly by doing business in Australia. When we started this industry, we needed to have 500 to 1,000 students a year, but now, as Mr. Cao said, our volume is very large, basically accounting for about 30% of the Australian embassy's quota for Chinese students. From the perspective of students' needs, these years have also gradually changed. A few years ago students were basically the main product for the children of the wealthy to study abroad. But now with the wealth of ordinary people's families, especially Australia's immigration policy, especially the relaxation of the skilled immigration policy, now it has opened the door of convenience for many Chinese students. In particular, Australia has the lowest unemployment rate in the world. On the contrary, the employment rate is very high, which also provides an opportunity for the current Chinese job market. In this case, students who go to study abroad to obtain an overseas degree can be employed and digested locally, and then return to China or develop in other countries to obtain immigration status. It can be said to be a good opportunity to kill two birds with one stone or three goals. Moderator: This is also one of the reasons why they want to go abroad. Sun Jing: Yes.