North American Box Office Roundup: 'Blackjack' Surprise Lianzhuang (with photos) Mu Island (Nim's Island) played steadily in front of the two new recruits and successfully held the throne, ushering in the third box office champion title for the owner of the year. As the two new films failed to meet expectations, the total market price fell another 10% to $80.9 million; it was also the scene of the previous week's champions, "Ice Age 2" and "Skater Duo" in the previous year and the same period last year won the week far away. higher than today. Although with the help of the "inertia" at the end of last year, the speed of misappropriation in 2008 is still the fastest in history, but the actual situation of the movie market has basically cooled to the level of 2005, and people can't help worrying about the prospect of summer vacation. This week is the first installment of a new feature, "2009 Oscar Front." According to the strategy of breaking the whole into pieces, the spring preview of the main Oscar awards in 2009 will be carried out first, starting from the actresses who are most concerned about - Kate Winslet, Cate Blanchett, Laura Linney, Zhang Ziyi, Chen Chong, Emily Brandt and Angelina Jolie are the recommended players in this issue. At the same time, there are various rumors to share with you, including "Speed Racer" may be a big failure. Last week's champion "Blackjack 21" (21) won the title defense beautifully, and earned $15.1 million in 2,653 theaters, with an average of nearly $5,700 for a single venue, and the next week's drop of only 37.4% is astonishing. Is it because of the charm of the casino city, or is it the faceless face of actor Kevin Spacey? His previous series of box office appeals were damaged, but this time it was greatly repaired by "Blackjack". Now 60 million US dollars has been found, and 80 million US dollars is also within the range. By the way, the tepid "Superman Returns" has nothing to do with increasing popularity, not only for Spacey, "Supergirl" Miss Kate Bosworth also has a share, so participating in this film is her A good move in acting career. On the other hand, Jim Sturgess, a young boy born in England, had already given his outstanding acting skills in "Crossing the Sky" last year. After this battle, his popularity and commercial value are bound to climb to a new level. Two new works "Crossing Over" and "Fifty Dead Men Walking" reflected. Obviously, the success of attracting young audiences is of course the magic weapon for "Blackjack", so it is no wonder that "Leatherheads" (Leatherheads), which mainly focuses on couples, and "Nim's Island" (Nim's Island), which tries to try all ages, have been diverted away from a large number of customers. . Although the opening box office of the two new films of $13.49 million and $13.3 million seems to be on the same level, since "Fool" has only 2,769 theaters and an average revenue of about $4,900 per theater, "Isle of Nimes" has 3,513 theaters. The "per mu yield" of the line is only less than 3,800$, so it's obvious. 20th Century Fox's stupor is not only the wrong choice of "Isle of Nim", but what is even more terrifying is that the rare staying power of "Horton and the Anonymous" is seriously damaged by "Isle of Nim", which is also a viewing type for all ages. "Horton", which suddenly experienced a 48.7% decline on Monday, now grosses $131 million at the box office, still ahead of "Beyond the Hedge" in the same period by a margin of less than $1 million. But whether "Houghton" can surpass the "Fence" of $155 million is difficult to say at this time, and it is optimistic to estimate that it will eventually exceed $150 million. In addition, the fifth-ranked new film "The Ruins" (The Ruins) earned an average score of only about $2,800 in 2,812 movie theaters, and the total number of openings was only $7.84 million, which is really lackluster. Bi Chenggong (blog)/Text