Talking about the post-90s generation in Britain: I am a new generation of untouchable groups. I am BBC China Net Tenglong. A middle-aged man walked alone in the park without children. What do you want to do? Are you a pedophile? If you find this logic absurd, please read on. The daughter's school left a message on the phone, saying that when picking up the child in the afternoon, don't wait outside the school gate and go directly to the principal's office. I was anxious all afternoon. The 8-year-old daughter has always been very good, what "earth-shattering" things can she do? It's really not a big deal. The daughter had a nosebleed, and the school staff helped to take care of it. Because of the inevitable physical contact, the parents needed to sign a fact sheet. Want me to break my fingers to teach? Set up a letter first! He breathed a sigh of relief, eased his efforts, and felt quite disapproving, what is this called? Talking to a friend about this, the friend's wife is an elementary school teacher, laughing at me is very strange, "out of touch" with real life: "The teacher caresses the child's head, hugs the child comfortably? Those are all actions in the movie. How can we dare to touch a child's finger in school nowadays?" said my friend's wife with a wry smile. A friend's daughter is learning the piano, and the piano teacher asked the parents to sign and agree to the corrective actions of the teacher's hands. My friend said, don't think it's the piano teacher who is too much. You watch children's programs on TV. Is there any physical contact between adults and children? Never thought of the question. Look carefully at the children's channel on TV, and sure enough, from crafting to playing games, the host has a bright smile on his face, but he just doesn't touch the children. Why? In the final analysis, a word "fear". What are you afraid of? I'm afraid I can't tell. Did you touch the child? What are your plans? ! Do you want to be a hooligan? ! ! You have a pedophile! ! ! 'Pedophile in Buckingham Palace' Cup Bow Snake Shadow, Hysterical? Glancing at the headlines of the newspapers, you can see the word "paedophile" almost every week. From current police officers to former singers, from church pastors to school teachers, one after another, pedophiles have been charged and convicted. "Richard Hart, 59, was sentenced to three years and six months by Cardiff Magistrates' Court after admitting to taking and collecting 56,000 obscene images of child sexual abuse since 1991." The Queen Mother's housekeeper, Paul Kidd, admitted molesting and having sex with three boys under the age of 16... Kidd took one of the boys, then 14, to take him to the Queen Mother's Christmas party, and introduced him to the Queen Mother as a friend." These are two stories from the same week that I found at random. To follow the media, it seems that every nook and cranny up and down the UK, behind every bush, is always reaching out to the children's paedophiles with dirty hands. Exaggerated? The local government in Shropshire seems to think otherwise. What are you doing walking alone in the park? Is there a pedophile? Shropshire Local Government asked government staff to tour the Telford Town park under its jurisdiction, questioning single adults without children in the park to see if they were paedophiles. A person stopped by a park ranger must give a satisfactory explanation of why a person is walking in the park, or the park ranger can remove the person from the park or report it to the police. Shropshire local government stressed that the move was to ensure the safety of children. Can you be sure? A man with a child can be "exempted from inspection", and there will be no pedophilia? This logic does not stand up to scrutiny, as John Evans, a child worker, said: "It is not only absurd, insulting, but also dangerous because it causes people to panic." The post-90s generation in the UK grew up violated by paedophiles What is the risk ratio? No parent can tell. However, it is much more realistic for a child to go out into a car accident, become a victim of street violence, be seduced into the habit of taking drugs and alcohol, or become a teenage pregnancy, or contract a sexually transmitted disease. I believe most parents would not deny it. Why can't we face such a fact rationally? It's not just the parents who are irrational, but the hysteria in society as a whole when it comes to protecting children. The 'licensed hug' has been strongly criticized by Baroness Neuberger, the Prime Minister's special adviser on children's volunteering, for the tendency to exaggerate the threat of sexual assault against children. Baroness Newberg said British society had become increasingly paranoid and the relationship between adults and between adults and children had been poisoned: "The layers of protection we've put in place have made a generation of children who no longer trust anyone. We've tried to create A society without any danger, but we know in our hearts that it is impossible. As a result, those who are kind and willing to contribute to society are deterred." Many people of insight made the same appeal. The title of a report recently published by the British think tank Civitas is "Licensed to Hug". Thirteen million people across the UK are waiting to be screened by the Criminal Records Bureau (CRB) for working or wishing to work with children, the report said. Such costly and time-consuming, privacy-invasive screenings are pushing child volunteers out the door. The latest figures show there are zero male teachers under the age of 25 in public kindergartens across England. Behind the word zero, does it reflect people's prejudice against career choices, or doubts about the motives of choosing a career?