 fragments of influenza A strains are mixtures of human, swine and avian viruses (Figure) From SARS to avian influenza to influenza A H1N1, once again let us see the deadly threat of mutated viruses from animals to humans, and also see human beings The symbiotic relationship between animals and viruses. Reporter · Xuanfeng On the afternoon of May 18, between Shenzhen and Hong Kong, more than a dozen epidemic prevention personnel lined up in the center of Luohu Bridge. Those transiting from Hong Kong to Shenzhen must submit and fill out a health declaration form to pass. Strict border checks were made to stop the new type of influenza A, however, the flu still crossed the border defense lines. The next day, Guangzhou confirmed the province's first imported case of influenza A, the fourth in mainland China. "If it comes, no matter how tight the defense is, it can only delay the outbreak for 3-4 weeks." Guan Yi, a professor at the Department of Microbiology at the University of Hong Kong, told reporters, "It is not as dangerous as the coronavirus and H5N1 bird flu virus (deadly). ), but more contagious." According to the World Health Organization, as of 6:00 GMT on May 18, 40 countries had reported 8,829 cases of influenza A infection, including 74 deaths, with a case fatality rate of 0.8%. Currently this number is still increasing. WHO and scientists have confirmed that the H1N1 virus that caused the outbreak is a new mixed virus of human, poultry and pigs that has never been observed in humans or animals before. WHO Director-General Margaret Chan warned on the 18th that the new influenza poses the greatest threat to chronically ill patients and pregnant women, and the elderly have certain immunity. Five years ago, SARS, which spread to the world from Guangdong, was also an infectious disease caused by an unfamiliar coronavirus strain, which sounded the alarm for China's epidemic prevention, medical and health system, and the virus science community. Inefficient reporting systems, confusing pathogen identification, and a sensitive social climate still reverberate in our memories. This time, the prevention, control, and cure of the new type of influenza originating in North America, as well as the high attention of the media and the public, can be seen as China's rapid rebound from the government to the public after 5 years: some provinces shouted that the earthquake occurred last year. The slogan is "United Together"; once a case is discovered, hundreds of people are involved in the search and isolation; the recovered patients will also receive flowers and applause when they are discharged from the hospital. However, compared with other epidemics that have threatened human beings, influenza epidemics have their own epidemic patterns. You have the flu and you have some immunity, but you may not escape next year's flu. Viruses are the simplest parasitic life, they cannot reproduce without host cells, and influenza virus has developed for hundreds of years in the human and animal world through its own mutation and elimination of host immune systems and drugs, and an evolutionary tree has been derived. big tree. Since the Spanish flu in 1918, people have always been under the "shadow of the flu". While a global network of scientists can monitor new and mutated flu viruses each year, they cannot yet predict which of these mutating flu viruses to evade the host immune system, or which of the hybrid flu viruses will cause a pandemic, and when and when time to go. This also means that, regardless of human influenza or animal influenza, the development and production of vaccines require the global cooperation of influenza virus trackers and a rapid response to new viruses and new outbreaks. After the outbreak of the influenza epidemic, how people can coexist with the influenza virus on this planet with a mature and confident attitude will also be a long-term proposition in the future. Some commentators pointed out that in the history of human agricultural society, plagues caused by viruses such as smallpox and the Black Death have left a staggering number of deaths. Today, when we enter the global circulation and the industrialized breeding industry is highly developed, the virus mutates, hybridizes and evolves through humans, pigs, and poultry. In fact, changes in the human ecosystem have contributed to the emergence of different viruses and epidemics. The genetic composition of the new influenza A virus is very complex. Scientists have analyzed that a series of mutations and evolution during its evolution are related to the migration of wild birds, the cross-regional trade of live pigs, and the simultaneous infection of pigs by humans and swine influenza viruses. This has made many scholars begin to reflect on whether the human breeding industry model and trade epidemic prevention system have accelerated the mutation and evolution of influenza virus. On the other side of the pandemic's shadow is the H5N1 avian influenza virus that has taken root in poultry in some areas. This virus, which has been rampant in poultry for many years and migrated around the world, is now under the pressure of the pandemic. What will happen? Compared with other hypotheses about new viruses that stimulate the world's nerves, this is a real problem that scientists are more concerned about. Scientists are gradually unraveling the mystery of the new flu, but no scientist can accurately predict the outcome of this flu outbreak. Similarly, in China, the epidemic prevention and control system that was perfected because of SARS will operate more maturely and confidently. The level of biological science, information ability and medical system of human beings is qualitatively different from that of 90 years ago when the Spanish flu of 1918 killed 30 million people. In the face of A(H1N1), a new influenza virus that can be traced back to the H1N1 ancestor in 1918, and its still low fatality rate, one can at least expect that it will eventually become a normal seasonal flu, even like SARS. disappeared. The new flu is like a pickup truck Although every genetic segment of the latest influenza A (H1N1) virus has been found in swine flu viruses in the past, despite the success of tens of thousands of flu strains isolated over the decades, Scientists are always in anxiety - they have the ability to know the ins and outs of a virus, but they can't predict when a specific virus like A(H1N1) will stir up the epidemic and how destructive it will be. Reporter, Xuanfeng intern Li Yingjuan reported from Hong Kong and Guangzhou, "In the past, many people thought that pigs used as 'mixers' to induce influenza outbreaks was just a hypothesis. This time they proved it for you." Four months ago, it was called by the media Guan Yi, the "bird flu hunter", turned his office in a different direction, no longer facing the sea. The tracker, who has been tracking poultry viruses in China and other places for a long time, has also temporarily interrupted his dealings with wild birds. Now, he is focusing on pigs. For him, this might just be a comeback. When he was studying for a doctorate at the University of Hong Kong, his research direction happened to be the swine flu virus. The University of Hong Kong is one of the most complete places in the world that "has" swine flu virus information. At noon on May 18, the famous influenza virus scientist pulled out a large stack of old files in the office cabinet. "This is my baby," he said, "there is a huge history here." As a professor of microbiology at the University of Hong Kong and an authority in the international animal influenza community, Guan Yi first attracted global attention when he first discovered and confirmed the SARS coronavirus comes from wild animals. This scholar who likes to say "We are not prophets" was once named one of the 18 medical heroes in the world by the American "Time" magazine. Some of the paper in the archives has turned yellow, and it is filled with decades of records of Professor Shao Lishu of the University of Hong Kong, as well as Guan Yi’s own notes on sampling pigs and isolating influenza viruses. Professor Shao Lishu, Guan Yi's doctoral supervisor. Over the years, he and Robert Webster and others in the United States have established a systematic theory that pigs may be the mixer of pandemic influenza outbreaks. Since 1976, the influenza research group of the University of Hong Kong has collected and isolated influenza viruses in pigs in Hong Kong and other places, until now - swine-like influenza (Guan Yi's name for the new type A H1N1 influenza, he believes that this is more Exactly) outbreaks worldwide. For the swine flu virus, they have been studying it for more than 30 years. The ambiguous triangular relationship If there is no outbreak of the new influenza A, the virus strain labeled "A/California/04/2009" that Guan Yi received two weeks ago and sent from the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, Like the many influenza viruses he collected in the past, it will not be noticed by the media and the world. It will be "dissected", genetically sequenced, and placed in the laboratory's huge archives. From the United States, Canada, Australia to China, virology researchers have received this virus strain sooner or later, and are looking for traces of its evolution, and as the epidemic spreads, more strains from different regions will be Different labels are coded and provided to scientists of different nationalities for intensive research. In the early morning of May 18, the National Influenza Center of the Institute of Virology of the Chinese Center for Disease Control and Prevention completed the complete genome sequence determination of the first influenza A H1N1 virus in mainland my country, and the virus was named A/Sichuan/1/2009 (H1N1) swl. The label indicates that this is a throat swab provided by Bao Mou, the first influenza A patient in mainland China, from a specimen submitted by the Sichuan Provincial Center for Disease Control and Prevention. Shu Yuelong, director of the National Influenza Center of China, said, "No particularly obvious mutations or changes in drug resistance have been found in this virus." This genome sequence information will be used by scientists around the world for the analysis and monitoring of new influenza viruses. Sampling, separation, comparison, recording. Tracking down human and animal influenza viruses, most of the time tedious, is documenting the invisible world of influenza viruses, revealing the possibility of a father-son-grandson relationship between them, explaining The ambiguous triangular relationship between humans, animals and viruses. Robert Webster is one of the world's first pioneering scientists to study animal influenza viruses, and is also Guan Yi's instructor trained in the United States. In 1976, five people fell ill with swine flu in a military camp in New Jersey, USA, and one of them died. This was the first recorded swine flu (infecting humans) epidemic in American history, which prompted him to plan for a "big flu preparation plan". , and successively established swine and poultry influenza surveillance networks on both sides of the Pacific Ocean. In Robert Webster's house, there is a stained glass window in the front door, depicting the natural evolution of the pandemic as he knows it: birds in flight at the top of the glass, pigs grazing below the birds, people standing on the left. Underneath all of this are circles representing various types of viruses that appear to be in motion. They are all set against a scarlet background. Pigs are on this map because their genomes are surprisingly similar to those of humans in some key structures that make them susceptible to human influenza viruses. At the same time, pigs are also susceptible to avian influenza viruses, mainly because they often live in close proximity to poultry. Now, the epidemic caused by the new type of influenza A virus has given Webster's team more reason to believe that the influenza virus in animal groups, after complex mutation changes, such as hybridization with human influenza virus, may become human. nightmare. There were many who thought Webster's plans were alarmist—after all, the occasional bird flu or swine flu news in the newspapers was not a good thing for farmers. Three years ago, when the reporter interviewed Guan Yi for the first time, he was troubled by this kind of thing. Now, he has been frequently interviewed by media around the world. Since 1976, when the "Hong Kong flu" broke out, Shao Lishu and Guan Yi have been dealing with pigs in this city of more than 1,000 square kilometers. Hong Kong is densely populated and consumes a lot, and most of these pigs come from the mainland. In the past, there have been few cases of animal influenza viruses being transmitted to humans. The CDC report shows that swine H1N1 flu has caused only 12 human cases in the past 4 years, and none of the patients died. In contrast, avian H5N1 influenza causes more than a dozen human cases every year, but the mortality rate is nearly 50%, so it is more concerned by scientists. When Guan Yi first started this work in 1993, there were only two or three people in the laboratory of the University of Hong Kong. Now, there are nearly 80 people in the University of Hong Kong who are engaged in the research on influenza viruses. The subjects are not only poultry, wild birds, but also swine and human influenza viruses. "We're taking samples every month," he said. "Hong Kong (influenza) has never stopped. Swine flu, bird flu, every now and then." Sampling from live pigs is not easy. Scientists have to hold its tail and legs together, and stick a stick to its mouth to get a sample of possible flu virus from its nostrils - if you loose your hands, these massive guys will bite you One bite. In the past, there were not many institutions that monitored swine flu on a long-term basis. Guan Yi believes that the unprotected pig trade is one of the important reasons for the spread and hybridization of swine flu virus on the earth. "A lot of people thought it was a hypothesis before that pigs acted as 'mixers' to induce flu outbreaks," he said. "This time they proved it to you." Typically, one type of flu virus infects only one species. If viruses from different species can infect the same host, there is an opportunity to lead to new combinations of genes from different influenza viruses. Humans and pigs can be infected with H1N1 influenza (but this does not mean that human H1N1 influenza virus and swine N1N1 influenza virus are the same thing). When these "twin brothers" meet in pigs or even humans, they have the opportunity to rearrange their influenza chromosomes, and they can hybridize and evolve new influenza viruses like A(H1N1).