Europe has launched the most distant web camera to monitor Mars so far (Photo) Photo taken by the Mars Express camera Photo taken in December 2003 when the Harrier lander was separated Through the webcam (webcam), you can get a glimpse of the true face of Mount Lushan, the bird's nest, the spectacular scene of active volcano eruptions, the grand launch of the space shuttle, and even check the traffic conditions. But these are events happening on Earth, and what if you want to see further? You need to turn to the most distant webcam in the solar system: the Mars Express optical surveillance camera. The camera carried by the European Mars Express orbiter has been orbiting the Red Planet since 2003. It was originally used to monitor whether the Harrier lander separated from the spacecraft and completed its main mission. Last year, ESA ground controllers wondered if the Mars Express cameras could be turned back on to provide some visitors with spectacular views of Mars. So, they launched an operation to check the camera. Despite being "sleepy" for three years, the optical surveillance cameras are in good condition, with controllers beginning to capture unique footage of Mars. This camera is not used for scientific purposes, in other words, the data from it cannot be easily used as a reference for the precision necessary for scientific analysis, but it does give us a spectacular view of Mars and can be used to monitor the climate on Mars condition and other changes. The photo above shows a landscape we'll never see on Earth: a crescent-shaped view of Mars, while the sun seems to peek into the secrets of its fringes. To see the above scene on Earth, Mars must be halfway between you and the Sun, but Earth is closer to the Sun than Mars, so this scene will never play out. In addition, there are animations of Mars rotating and changing weather patterns, which are absolutely wonderful. Mars Express project controllers want more eye-catching photos. They made this request: Open invitation for photo feedback: You can assist them with the raw photo data file and the following instructions: What did you see? Which part of the Martian surface is shown in the photo? Can you identify any geographic features? What regions or composition of the Martian atmosphere do you see? You can check out Mars on their website. It's probably the most interesting celestial object you'll see on a webcam. (Xiao Wen) Related Links: European Space Agency Mars Express Webcam