Concerns in the Northern Hemisphere: I was born in China after returning from "studying abroad" in the United States. I came to the United States with my father and mother when I was less than 1 year old. From kindergarten to elementary school, middle school, and high school, they are all in the United States. In America, I have been a relatively successful student. In order to learn a little bit of Chinese culture, I went back to China several times, went to Hangzhou Youth Palace to learn painting, and went to Chun'an No. 1 Middle School to "study abroad" - living with local high school students for ten days. So, I have a little bit of my own feelings about the education situation in the United States and China. First of all, in terms of timing, Chinese schools are more constrained than American schools. In American schools, the first class starts at 8:30 in the morning and ends at 4:00 in the afternoon. Students go home to study and do homework. There is not much homework. But at Chun'an No. 1 Middle School, the students got up early in the morning, followed by morning exercises, early self-study, four classes in the morning, three classes in the afternoon, as well as extracurricular activities, plus two hours of evening self-study, the whole day was full. of. Even during the ten-minute break, they used it to read books, do exercises, and ask teachers. At the end of the day, several of our American children were exhausted and complained. Before going to bed at night, I wanted to talk to the Chinese students living with me, but time was tight. Everyone was so busy washing up and going to bed that they didn't even have time to spare. If you have a heavy learning task, you will feel pressure. American children are more free and relaxed when they are young, and they will not feel pressure until high school to apply for college. In order for Chinese children to go to school, teachers and students are very hardworking and nervous. This kind of pressure begins when they go to primary school, and it gets bigger and bigger when they go to high school and college. Stress has both advantages and disadvantages. It is of course a good thing that you can increase your grades and improve your knowledge. I have been under some pressure since I was a child, and when I grow up, I will be able to deal with the pressure, and the pressure will become a driving force. But the pressure is too great, the happy childhood is lost, and even the health is affected, and the good things are not good. Regarding training methods, the United States pays more attention to individualized development than China. American courses have a wide range of content. In addition to the required basic courses, there are also car repair, company management, performing arts, family finance, etc.; those with excellent grades can also choose to take some university courses. Parents and teachers both encourage their children to do what they love to do, learn the lessons they love to learn, and encourage their children to work part-time. China's primary and secondary school curriculum is basically unified, and children have no freedom to choose. When they get to university, American students choose their favorite majors, and they choose whatever is popular in China. I think students should choose their favorite major, which is conducive to cultivating a variety of talents. Regardless of whether the United States or China, different education systems have their strengths and weaknesses. Both types of education must absorb each other's strengths, complement each other, and cultivate more successful talents. Professor Yang Zhenning, a famous scientist and Nobel Prize winner, came to the United States to seek development after receiving basic education in China. He himself has described it in detail. It can be said that he is a successful example of integrating the advantages of the two educational systems of China and the United States.