The person who came over said: In fact, when the child goes abroad, many parents are worried that the child goes abroad like a wild horse, and the learning situation is more difficult to grasp. In fact, foreign formal public and private schools have established rigorous academic evaluation systems. Take Columbia International College in Canada as an example, the school has an academic performance network platform. There are progress reports, mid-term reports and final reports for each semester. Parents can use the independent student number to know the situation of their children in time. The evaluation of each student by foreign schools is different. In addition to the truthful reflection of daily performance and examination performance, there are also suggestions for encouragement and improvement, reflecting the spirit of being responsible and fully caring for students. As an international student, if you do not have an English test score (IELTS or TOEFL), or the English test score does not meet certain entry requirements, you must first take a language course (ESL). Therefore, ESL is the bridge connecting the main courses. Dialogue and scenario simulation will infiltrate students with necessary study skills, such as presentations, paper work, etc., which will be of great help to the connection of future courses. In the 11th or 12th grade, foreign high schools offer in-line courses related to various majors in the university, with the purpose of preparing students for university in advance, which is one of the significant differences from domestic high schools. One can imagine the eagerness of parents to meet their children when they have gone far away. It is better for parents to go to school to visit relatives than to let students travel back and forth during the holidays. Foreign schools are willing to issue invitation letters for parents to visit, and the application of student visas to visit relatives is usually included in the services of study abroad agencies. It is very convenient to complete the process from handing over the visa to obtaining the visa within 1 week. Many parents worry that going abroad for their children is like a wild horse, and the learning situation will be more difficult to grasp. In fact, foreign formal public and private schools have established rigorous academic evaluation systems. Take Columbia International College in Canada as an example, the school has an academic performance network platform. There are progress reports, mid-term reports and final reports for each semester. Parents can use the independent student number to know the situation of their children in time. The evaluation of each student by foreign schools is different. In addition to the truthful reflection of daily performance and examination performance, there are also suggestions for encouragement and improvement, reflecting the spirit of being responsible and fully caring for students. As an international student, if you do not have an English test score (IELTS or TOEFL), or the English test score does not meet certain entry requirements, you must first take a language course (ESL). Therefore, ESL is the bridge connecting the main courses. Dialogue and scenario simulation will infiltrate students with necessary study skills, such as presentations, paper work, etc., which will be of great help to the connection of future courses. In the 11th or 12th grade, foreign high schools offer in-line courses related to various majors in the university, with the purpose of preparing students for university in advance, which is one of the significant differences from domestic high schools. One can imagine the eagerness of parents to meet their children when they have gone far away. It is better for parents to go to school to visit relatives than to let students travel back and forth during the holidays. Foreign schools are willing to issue invitation letters for parents to visit, and the application of student visas to visit relatives is usually included in the services of study abroad agencies. It is very convenient to complete the process from handing over the visa to obtaining the visa within 1 week.