IEST interview with the genius Beastmaster xiaOt: I haven't seen him for a long time. He was once known as a game prodigy. He once left a page of his own in the history of Chinese interstellar. His appearance has brought him a huge fan base, and he is the genius beast king Sun Liwei xiaOt. After learning that xiaOt was in Beijing, the IEST Organizing Committee invited him to visit the Organizing Committee and tried the ideacentreK Lenovo King on the spot. Then the Organizing Committee conducted an interview about the current situation of xiaOt. IEST: Hello xiaOt, long time no see, what have you been up to since you retired? xiaOt: Hello everyone, long time no see! Since I got home, I have seriously thought about my plans for the future. In terms of life, my former classmates and playmates from childhood often organize some entertainment activities, such as going to sing and eat, and my weight has soared by 15 pounds. As for the game, I formed a Dota team with a few playmates in Wuhan, and won a Dota competition in an Internet cafe. IEST: I think many people want to know, why did you make the decision to retire? xiaOt: I have been participating in major competitions from Interstellar to Warcraft. First of all, I would like to thank eSports and my friends who have supported me for the honor and wonderful experience. I think I will always stick to my beliefs and continue to work on it. this industry. People will encounter bottlenecks at a certain stage. Whether it is life or work, I want to rest and adjust to recharge myself. Temporary withdrawal is for better development in the future. IEST: What kind of plans do you have for your future? xiaOt: My personal plan in the future, whether it is to continue in the player career or management, I don’t think it is important. The important thing is that I always love the e-sports industry and hope to be able to engage in related work. I also have a dream that China's e-sports industry can develop like South Korea and become a national industry suitable for all ages. Turn on the TV and you can watch the games you want to watch at any time. I hope I can make a small contribution to the Chinese e-sports cause. From the perspective of the industry chain, eSports can drive the healthy development of mainstream media, clubs, players and other levels. I have recently been looking at winning in China. China is moving closer to the world's top power. Youth is the future of the country. Everything we do is to make China a real world e-sports power. When this industry is perfected, it can give more young people with dreams a better platform to show. IEST: Is there a constant focus on the latest developments in IEST? xiaOt: I have been paying attention. I have participated in the first two IESTs. I think IEST has become a unique international event brand after two sessions of development. I believe IEST2009 can bring us a lot of different feelings. Personally, I also admire Mr. Liu Chuanzhi Liu very much. Driven by the Lenovo brand, I hope that more power will be devoted to e-sports and provide a stage for more young people to realize their dreams. IEST: Was there a launch ceremony that was watched live? How do you feel? xiaOt: I didn't have time to watch the live broadcast at that time, but I saw the relevant reports later. I think this launch ceremony is unique and innovative. Lenovo IEST is really good and powerful! Also, SKY's appearance is really cool! IEST: Will you personally participate in the DOTA project of IEST2009? Please introduce your team. xiaOt: Friends have already registered online on the day of the launch ceremony. We are an entertainment team and we focus on participation. I can also take this opportunity to communicate with you. IEST: How do you feel about the return of Lenovo IEST2009? xiaOt: In 2008, because of the Olympic Games, Lenovo did not hold the IEST as scheduled. I understand it. I am very happy and supportive of the return of IEST2009. IEST: What is your evaluation of Lenovo's new product ideacentre K after the trial? I heard that the game Street Fighter 4 has very high requirements on computer hardware. From the results of my demo just now, the hardware configuration of Fengxing King should be said to be very powerful and can fully meet the needs of players. I want it to be used for Playing Starcraft 2, it must be very cool if the special effects are fully turned on. What I have to say is that the noise of this machine is very low, it should be said that there is almost no noise. The noise of the computer at home is a bit unbearable. Can this machine be sent to me? Haha... IEST: What are your thoughts on the trial of Starcraft 2? Will it transform? xiaOt: During the trial of Starcraft 2, I didn't catch up. After watching some videos, I thought the picture was very gorgeous and I was very interested. As for whether or not to transform into a StarCraft 2 player, it depends on the opportunities and mood in the future. IEST: What computer do you usually use? Assemble? brand? xiaOt: When I was a player, I used the company's brand computer. When I was at home, I didn't know much about computers, so a friend helped me save it, but I chose the keyboard and mouse myself. IEST: Do you feel the urge to buy after trying out the Lenovo King? xiaOt: I really like this King, it would be best if I could sponsor it directly, haha! IEST: What would you like to say to your former teammates? xiaOt: Actually, I have been watching you all silently. Since I left, the wNv Warcraft Department has been disbanded. I am very sorry, because I called you here at that time. TH000 - During the wNv period, you improved very quickly, from not qualifying for the CEG group stage until the PGL world championship, which is closely related to your hard work and talent. Hope you can win more world championships in the future. Sai - You have always been very low-key and kind. I am here to clarify the misunderstanding of many netizens about you. Your tactics and understanding of NE are the most distinctive I've seen. IEST2007 you took the runner-up in China, I hope you can achieve better results this year. Fov - Although you are unstable sometimes, but in my heart, you will always be the most powerful ghost king. I hope to see you on IEST2009. IEST: What would you like to say to your fans? xiaOt: Sorry, long time no see. Thank you for your continued attention to me. I am a person who is not very good at expressing feelings. When encountering difficulties and setbacks, I am used to taking on it alone, but the way I choose is silence. It is precisely because of this that I did not express my feelings too much on the media and blogs. Before, I introduced my future plans, and I hope you will continue to support me as always. "The temporary withdrawal is for better development in the future", I believe that xiaOt will return to everyone's perspective, and look forward to him bringing you more surprises. For more details of the IEST event, please pay attention to the official website http://idea.lenovo.com.cn/iest.