PCGA Hunan Division 2nd Wave of Internet Cafe Points Contest Ends On May 21st, PCGA2009 Hunan Division's 2nd large-scale Internet Cafe Points Tournament ended in Changsha Xingyu Internet Cafe. More than 100 players from all over Hunan participated, including DOTA StarCraft Warcraft 3 QQ Speed 4 competitions. This competition is the second wave of large-scale Internet cafe points competition in the PCGA 2009 Hunan Division. Many players made a special trip from Hengyang, Changde and other places to Changsha to participate in this competition for the sake of PCGA points. At the same time, there are also many well-known star players among the participating players, such as the Chinese barbarian SUPER of the StarCraft project, and the CD team that has recently become popular in China. In the StarCraft competition, SUPER lived up to expectations and defeated Changsha's first Zerg ZK in the final to win the final championship. In the DOTA project, the group of death appeared. The 3 strongest teams in Changsha, the CD TM CT team, were divided into the same group, which also made the game more interesting at the beginning of the game. In the end, the CT team defeated the TM team hard and then defeated the CD team, which had just won the WCG championship from Shanghai, and successfully qualified from the group of death. The next game has no suspense for them. After defeating the LV team from the School of Foreign Economics, they won the championship of this competition. Another highlight of this competition is that this competition is the first time for PCGA Hunan Pepsi to cooperate with INTEL to create a key Internet cafe points competition. At the same time, Mr. Steve, the vice president of INTEL's global sales and marketing department, and Ms. Zhang Wenyi, general manager of the marketing channel department in China, also visited He participated in the QQ Speed competition on the spot and expressed his high recognition and support for the event. The PCGA2009 Hunan Division Internet Cafe Points Competition will continue to be fully rolled out in the PCGA franchise Internet cafes in the province. At the same time, the Hunan Division Selection Competition of the PCGA2009 Pepsi Super Grand Prix will also be the first to start on May 30. Please continue to pay attention to our competition.