Overseas windows: Anecdotes about car license plates from all over the world The oldest license plate in Germany The license plate issued by the Munich police on April 14, 1899 to Mr. Barthes' "Walter Booker" car is the oldest preserved car license plate. It is also the earliest car license plate in Germany. This license plate is a rectangular metal plate with only a "1" written on it. The earliest license plate in the United States In 1901, New York State implemented the license plate regulations "New York State Automobile Regulations". The license plate at that time was an aluminum disc, about the size of a 50-cent gold coin, with the number plate printed on it and the line "New York State Motor Vehicle Regulations" in small print. By 1956, the earliest license plate in the United States and France was promulgated on August 14, 1892 by the Paris Police Regulations, which institutionalized the rules of car license plates. According to the regulations, all cars must be hung with the owner's name, address and registration number. Metal license plate, license plate It must be visible at all times on the left side of the vehicle. Russell Earl's Navia was registered before Christmas 1903. In order to make his car number one, the Earl stayed up all night, drove early in the morning to register, and finally obtained the number one "A" license plate 5 seconds earlier. At that time, the method of British license plate numbering is still used today. . China's No. 1 car license plate was introduced to Shanghai during the Guangxu period. By 1912, there were 140 cars in Shanghai. At that time, the Ministry of Industry and Commerce, which was dominated by the British, took advantage of people's curiosity and demanded a particularly high price for the first license. Ningbo giant Zhou Xiangyun was knocked out a lot of money to get the first license. Tax on license plates Kuwait In order to solve the phenomenon of traffic congestion and reduce the number of cars, the license plate tax of cars changes with the registration number of the license plate. The higher the license number, the higher the license tax. Banned license plate numbers The British police have made a decision to phase out license plate numbers with "666", which is said to be because the number in the Bible means the devil. The decision was made by the UK police force at the written request of many car drivers. Because drivers complain that unlucky license plate numbers make crashes more often.