Record: The premiere of Li Xiang's "Nine Beauty" Li William's birthday video: The movie "Nine Beauty" (Part 1) Video: The movie "Nine Beauty" (Part 2) Video: William Li's film "Ten Perfect and Nine Beauty" On-site birthday celebration video at the press conference of "Quan Jiumei": The main creators of the movie "Shiquan Jiumei" meet with you Sina Entertainment News Today (July 30) afternoon, the 08 summer hilarious film "Shiquan Jiumei" held its Asian premiere in Beijing press conference. Investor Li Xiang (Tingge blog), director Wang Yuelun, actors Li William (blog), Liu Hua (blog), Deng Jiajia, Li?, Houshe boys (Tingge blog), etc. attended. Today happened to be William Li's birthday. The members of the cast of "Perfect Nine Beauty" celebrated Li William's birthday at the press conference. The following is the transcript of the press conference: Moderator Xiaotao: Distinguished guests and friends, media reporters, good afternoon. Moderator Jingwei (blog): Hello everyone. Moderator Xiaotao: Today, I am very happy to participate in the press conference of this hilarious comedy "Perfect Nine Beauty" which will be released during the Olympic Games in August. I believe that in this season, in addition to the Olympic Games giving us a lot of passion, we also need to relax a little bit and need more laughter. Moderator Jingwei: After watching the Olympic Games, you can watch this "Perfect Nine Beauty". This film is jointly produced by Zhejiang Superstar Culture Communication Co., Ltd., Beijing Happy Star Culture Communication Co., Ltd., and Poly Bona Film Distribution Co., Ltd., and is distributed nationwide by Poly Bona Film Distribution Co., Ltd. Our media friends have also reported on this film for a long time. The film's front and back producers and actors are big-name stars. Let's take a look at the trailer of this film to warm up. (Trailer) Moderator Jingwei: Just saw the two-minute trailer. Moderator Xiaotao: We saw the performances of many stars in two minutes. This movie is very exciting for us. Jingwei has seen it, from the beginning to the end, until the end, I can't laugh. Moderator Jingwei: It is not only a funny movie, but also a very romantic love movie. Moderator Xiaotao: Next, I would like to invite all the main creators behind the stage and behind the scenes of our "Perfect Nine Beauty" to meet with you. We applaud the film producer, the famous host Miss Li Xiang, the famous director Wang Yuelun, the actors Li William, Liu Hua, Deng Jiajia, Li?, and Houshe boys. Li Xiang introduced Jingwei, the first host of many people in "Nine Beauty": Say hello to the friends at the scene. Li Xiang: All the audience friends, netizens friends, media friends at the scene, and our relatives and friends, hello everyone. Today, I am very happy to be here at the press conference for the premiere of our "Perfect Nine Beauty". On behalf of all our main creators, I would like to thank you all for coming, and thank you for your continued support to us. May I go on and on? Moderator Xiaotao: Go ahead. Li Xiang: Let me start off. In fact, our film started preparing for the script in September 2006, and now it is 2008, which will be on August 1, nearly two years. In fact, it is also a very long process for us, we have experienced a lot of time, and of course it is also a very happy process. It took two years to create such a comedy film. In fact, many of our main creators are engaged in film work for the first time. It is the first time for the director to make a film, the first time for me to be a producer, the first time for William Li to play a costume, the first time for Deng Jiajia, It is also the first time for Li? to act in a movie. Apart from Brother Dao, Brother Dao can be seen in many movies. So many firsts happened in our film, and everyone worked very hard and worked very hard to complete this film, so I would like to thank everyone, because everyone has worked very hard to help me complete a good producer. Moderator Xiaotao: Today we see that Li Xiang's perspective is completely different, it is the identity of the producer. Moderator Jingwei: And I can see that many of Li Xiang's media friends went to see the film, including myself, and I'm happy to tell you that from the beginning to the end, the hilarious sky in 2008 is well-deserved, and I believe it will stay Classic lines. You have accumulated a lot of hard work in making such a film for two years. Why did the first film choose such a theme and this play. Li Xiang: Actually, it’s my luck. Thank you to director Wang Yuelun and the producer, because they started to have this script. When they had this idea, when we were chatting together, I said that I could help. At that time, I wanted to find investors to cast the film. , Everyone thinks that investing in the film market is not as good as you think, and you think that investing in films will generally charge no cost, but later because of their love and dedication to the film I was moved, so I said yes, but I didn’t expect that I would eventually become a producer people. Wang Yuelun's first filming started with comedy. Host Xiaotao: Actually, I know that Director Wang Yuelun has directed many MVs, including Li Yuchun's (Tingge blog) MV. We have been friends for many years. I really didn't expect this movie to be a hilarious comedy. I think he should make a romantic romance. How did he think of making a hilarious comedy? Wang Yuelun: That's right, because I'm a newcomer in the film industry, and this is my first time making a movie. Actually, I really want to make a movie for young people to watch, especially recognized, so that everyone can enjoy watching a story, so I I think it should start from a comedy point of view. Moderator Xiaotao: Actually, when talking about costume films this time, many actors use modern elements. Why do they do this? Wang Yuelun: Although it is ancient, it is actually happening around you. You can see people around you and people you are familiar with. Moderator Jingwei: When it comes to the elements around me, the film I used to like to watch is "East and West", which also contains many modern languages and elements. Wang Yuelun: My film is different from that one. Moderator Xiaotao: I believe that this film in August 2008, in addition to the Olympic vocabulary, there is "Perfect Nine Beauty". Moderator Jingwei: The boys from the back room also came to the press conference to welcome them. William Li's premiere costume film and two beauties are emotionally entangled Host Xiaotao: Many of the three main creators are participating in the film for the first time. First of all, ask William Li, who used to be a handsome young boy. This time it's an ancient costume, are you satisfied with the appearance? William Li: This is my first film, my first costume. Thank you very much for giving me this experience. I think the whole atmosphere is there, including the director, other actors, and Dao, everyone is very happy to work. Moderator Jingwei: So this time is a perfect experience for you. Host Xiaotao: I heard the director say that this movie has a lot of romantic plots besides hilarious. Moderator Jingwei: He is very happy, the most romantic and happiest is him. William Li: I played the role of the prince, and I had some emotional scenes with two girls. Deng Jiajia is accused of being William Li's "Gossip Girlfriend" Moderator Jingwei: Next to him is the Gossip Girlfriend. Moderator Xiaotao: What we said made us think about it. Deng Jiajia: In the film, he and Huang Yi (listen to the song blog) feel a good match. Moderator Jingwei: Now you are also very well matched visually. Deng Jiajia: He was accidentally spotted by me. He seemed to be in a dilemma between us. He and Huang Yi have a lot of interests and hobbies. Moderator Jingwei: He also likes you very much. Moderator Xiaotao: In his heart, there is a feeling of deer bumping around. Deng Jiajia: This is where our films are very humanized, unlike other films where you love me and I love you, which is very turbulent. Moderator Xiaotao: It's right for a man to be diligent. Deng Jiajia: It's not that he is distracted, but there is an occasional fluctuation in his heart. Moderator Jingwei: Who do you choose for those two roles? Li William: Huang Yi is not here, so choose her, I like it.