"E-sports" magazine PGL's fourth season supplement is listed as the saying goes, "It's not over until the age of fifteen." But I believe that for all the fans who have been paying attention to PGL, PGL has taken a longer time each time this year. However, we don't want the memories of PGL Season 4 to fade in players' minds over time, so "E-Sports" magazine teamed up with the PGL Organizing Committee to create this one for the diehard PGL fans. This highly collectible PGL Season 4 Supplement gives all PGL fans a chance to relive the moments. And most importantly, the two DVDs included in this issue will include all the replays of the fourth season of PGL and some selected high-definition game videos. right! The PGL event Replay, which has never appeared before, can finally be shared for the first time this time! There's also a selection of high-definition game footage from each matchday, allowing you to relive those moments. We introduced this supplement in January, and everyone has a certain understanding of this supplement. Now we have some more specific information about this supplement to share with you: First of all, this supplement The relevant information of the entire fourth season of PGL has been introduced in detail, including the introduction of the background of the PGL event and the introduction of the players of the fourth season of PGL. In addition, for the new map used by PGL, this special issue has devoted a 6-page layout to the most detailed introduction ever. This supplement uses time as a clue. Starting from the first match day, we have selected the exciting matches of each day, and a total of ten match days of wonderful tidbits fully present the exciting moments of the entire fourth season of PGL. In addition, the editors of "E-Sports" magazine presented the PGL's wonderful and complex schedule to readers in the form of a chart, so that those players who were overwhelmed by the game system can understand the entire game system in detail and clearly through this table. and process. Do you want to know how hard and bumpy Fly's championship journey has been along the way? Do you want to know who TH000, Sky and Infi is the worthy king of the code tower? Whose tower is more technical? Are there more deep techs you want to know but haven't seen yet? Goal, the senior Warcraft editor of "E-Sports" magazine, will reveal to you the technical and tactical skills used throughout the fourth season of PGL from a deep technical and tactical perspective, so that you can learn a lot of practical skills from the aftertaste of the event. If you are tired of cumbersome technical and tactical skills, but only have a strong interest in the players themselves, then the most attractive thing about this PGL Season 4 special issue is the large posters with player information and signatures, as well as player pictures. It is a peerless treasure for all e-sports collectors. It is precisely because of this that this publication adopts a limited-edition method to increase the collection value of this publication. In addition, readers who subscribe to this issue will also have the opportunity to receive professional gaming peripherals provided by SteelSeries, including Qck mouse pads, Ikari laser mice and Siberia headsets. With so many reasons, I think all PGL fans are already on pins and needles, so what are you waiting for? Act now! "E-Sports" magazine PGL competition supplement ""Zhi" battle peak" subscription information: full-color 64-page beautifully printed PGL star autographed photos and posters with double DVD, including the fourth season of PGL high-definition game video and all Replay subscription phone: 010-65681306 Retail price: 15.8 yuan Mail order: Remit 15.8 yuan (free postage) to Room A, 22nd Floor, Building A, No. 8 Dongtucheng Road, Hepingli, Chaoyang District, Beijing. The "PGL Supplement" and the address for receiving the book can be stated. "E-sports" magazine Taobao online store for sale URL: shop37094001.taobao.com/