Studying abroad sharing: The experience of studying abroad in Australia talks about Wang Xiao's successful study in Australia this year. In addition to studying in Australia, Wang Xiao should take the advice of Mr. Cao Kefeng, a consultant from Kai Tak, to share his experience in studying abroad and the feeling of studying in Australia. Write it down and hope to share it with more prospective students. The following is a summary of Wang Xiao's own experience for everyone to learn and exchange: 1. Regarding the allocation of time, someone asked me whether I should choose a school first and then take IELTS, or IELTS first and then choose a school. My suggestion is that since you choose to go abroad, you must first choose a school and then take the IELTS test. I have a profound experience that only after I have determined my school and my goals can I fully devote myself to the IELTS test; on the contrary, if the purpose is not clear, the test will not have good results. 2. For the question of taking the IELTS test abroad, students in Beijing must not take the oral test in Beijing. Many people feel that they are unfamiliar with life in other places, or they are afraid that they will not adapt to the local climate and diet. I think there is no need to worry. To be honest, the overall level of other places is not as good as that of Beijing. I took the test in Jinan. Especially speaking, the accent in other places is indeed a problem. 3. Regarding the question of choosing a school, I think on the one hand, you should listen carefully to your advice from your study abroad consultant, and on the other hand, you should check the information on the Internet based on your own interests and characteristics. After all, studying abroad is a major event. We do not pursue the best school, but we must pursue the school that is most suitable for us. I suggest that you take a look at the official website of the university. On the one hand, you can get the latest and most accurate university information, and on the other hand, you can exercise your English. 4. Regarding the issue of accommodation, Australia is basically HOMESTAY, school dormitories, and rented houses. My personal suggestion is that if the economic conditions of the family are relatively allowable, first choose the on-campus dormitory of the school for a period of time. Although the price is more expensive than the other two types of accommodation, there are several advantages of the on-campus dormitory which are incomparable to the other two: The first is that some on-campus dormitories include three meals a day. For students who have just gone abroad, it is very important to spend a lot of time adapting to the environment and adapting to their studies. It will speed up a lot; the second is the language environment. Generally, foreigners live in the dormitory on campus, and they will definitely improve their language quickly, especially when they communicate with foreigners of the same age abroad every day, they will broaden and enrich My own thinking; Third, the dormitory in the school is relatively close to the various facilities of the school, which is a good choice for students who want to go to the library but are afraid that it is not safe to go home at night. If you live in HOMESTAY, it depends on luck. Many people complain that they can't get along with the landlord. This is the only disadvantage of HOMESTAY. Off-campus renting is the most common form, but it has a fatal disadvantage, that is, going home every day to speak Chinese with classmates. After a few years, it is obvious that the English level will not be significantly improved. 5. Regarding the physical examination, you must drink plenty of water before the physical examination, because there is a urine test. Many students just drank water in the clinic, wasting a lot of time. Try to relax when you go to the medical examination. Don't walk too fast or trot all the way in before entering the clinic. I was just walking fast and I was very excited. In the end, my blood pressure was a little high... I don't know if this has anything to do with it. Relationship... 6. Regarding air tickets, generally speaking, the baggage limit is 35KG. When choosing an airline, you need to compare more. Many airlines have different fares on the same day, and many students are used to booking tickets after visas, which will delay time. Don't doubt whether your visa will be rejected or something. Go to the ticket agency to book the ticket first. It will be very cheap in advance, and the more you delay the later, the harder it is to buy the ticket for international students. Generally speaking, the validity period of the reservation is about 10 days or half a month. You can book it again every ten days or half a month, so as to ensure that you have a seat, and you will pay for the ticket until you come back with the signature. 7. Regarding the issue of visa, my suggestion is to listen to the consultant of studying abroad. Don't doubt it. After all, we are not professionals. 8. The most important point is: studying abroad is your own business. The time in China is actually very painful. You have to take the IELTS test, and you have to look through the school materials. My suggestion is not to complain about this or complain about that. If you have any questions, you should ask more questions, because if you are in China, you will be annoyed. Live, don't care about your own affairs, go abroad and still not collapse. Expert comments: Wang Xiao's handling process is very smooth, which is inseparable from the active cooperation of the students in the consultant's work. Through his handling process, we can see: 1. Choosing a school and major, and formulating a study abroad plan that suits you is the most important job in studying abroad. When making a study abroad plan, you need to start from your own interests and hobbies, combine academic background, family economic conditions, and future career planning and other factors to comprehensively consider schools and majors. It is not advisable to blindly pursue popular majors in famous universities regardless of their actual situation. 2. According to the characteristics of application for studying in Australia, it is recommended that students apply for the school first, and then take the IELTS test. The admission results of Australian universities depend on the applicant's academic background and work experience, and have nothing to do with IELTS. Applicants who do not have IELTS scores can submit an application first, and then make up the IELTS after obtaining the conditional admission of the university. This not only saves time, but also avoids the situation that the school has no places due to late application. Second, students have college as their goal, which is also a boost for IELTS preparation. Guidance on dormitory issues: On-campus dormitories have many advantages, but the space is limited and may be filled very early. Some even need to apply for more than half a year in advance. Once booked, you will need to pay the relevant fees. When many students apply, the school has no extra rooms, so they have to put their names on the long waiting list and wait. Therefore, the on-campus dormitory depends on the luck of the students and the accommodation capacity of the school. Homestay (homestay) is currently the most popular form of accommodation for students, because it is cheaper than on-campus accommodation, and secondly, with the help of the family's parents, they can quickly integrate into the local life. If you are placed in an English-speaking family, it will be better to improve your oral English, but the imperfection is that some students are not used to their cooking tastes, they are not used to eating, and some students do not fit in with their parents' personalities. When this happens, it is recommended that students communicate with their parents more. Australians are relatively simple and friendly, and many problems can be quickly resolved through communication. The way of renting a house is not suitable for students who have just arrived in Australia, because they do not know who to ask for help when they encounter many difficulties, and only consider it when they are completely suitable for life in Australia. There are two most obvious advantages of renting a house, one is that the rent is cheap, and the other is that you can cook and eat according to your personal favorite taste. But many Chinese students are only willing to live with Chinese people, which is very unfavorable for practicing English. Therefore, it is suggested that if you want to rent a house, it is better to find a foreign classmate to share the rent. Not only can you practice English, but you can also learn a few more food practices from all over the world.