An older Chinese woman experienced the "Odyssey period" in the United States. Seeing that the 30-year-old threshold is approaching, she is still a poor student looking for a family to pay for her tuition. So, my mother often asked anxiously: When will you be able to work? Get to work and have a baby. She also claimed that she was the same age as me, I was six or seven years old. I am also depressed about this. However, nothing can be done. After four years as an undergraduate and three years as a graduate student, I worked for a short period of one or two years, and then went to the other side of the ocean to "recharge". After the whole process is calculated, can I not be this old? What can give me a handful of Ah Q is that there are a handful of people like me around. Most of my friends are students who have completed three years of postgraduate "baptism" in China, and then come here to continue their doctoral practice for five to seven years. By the day of graduation, everyone will be around 30 years old. At 30, however, many of us are still a long way from the few metrics that define a person's complete independence: marriage, work, and reproduction. And the fathers of the same age have long ago fulfilled these tasks gloriously. Haven't understood this phenomenon? Why are my peers still going to school, and why is my wallet still so "weak"? Finally one day, I found the answer when I was looking through the old newspapers of the New York Times. Turns out, I was going through The Odyssey Years. Previously, there were generally four life stages: childhood, adolescence, adulthood, and old age. Today, according to sociologists, the stages of life are extended to six: childhood, adolescence, odyssey, adulthood, active retirement, and old age. People, as biological people, have not changed. Unexpectedly, the indicators that define "people" are different. Just as more than a hundred years ago, there was no "teenage period". Right now, the "Odyssey period" is in vogue. The so-called Odyssey period refers to young people in their late 20s and early 30s. After college, they wandered back and forth between work and school: sometimes working, sometimes going to school. For them, going to school is no longer a patent before the age of 22, but can be exchanged like a boyfriend or girlfriend. Many of them are not yet fully financially independent and depend on their parents for support. They put off work, they put off marriage, they put off having children. In short, the period from college graduation to adulthood has been stretched by five years, seven years or more. According to statistics, in 1960, about 70% of 30-year-old young Americans were fully financially independent and formed their own families; by 2000, less than 40% of young people had achieved the same goal. Compared with their parents, young people in the Odyssey period also have many remarkable characteristics: the normal "dating" gave way to Facebook or "talking about the mountains" with friends; marriage has become "cohabitation" or simply living in the parents' house. ; newspaper reading time gave way to blogging (in 1970, 49% of American 20-somethings read a newspaper every day; today, that number has dropped to 21%). The youth of the Odyssey period also held the banner of the "gender revolution". Today, 36 percent of U.S. female workers in their 20s hold a college degree, compared to just 23 percent of their male peers. In line with this, the salaries of female staff have also risen considerably, while the salaries of male staff have been stagnant. The Odyssey period wasn’t just a phenomenon in the United States. Young people in some European countries were delaying marriages and constantly switching between school and work longer than their American counterparts. It seems that the Odyssey period is a world trend. Thinking about it carefully, there is nothing wrong with the Odyssey period. You can grab the tail of youth and have more time to enjoy the youthful years. The reason why our parents worried about our Odyssey experience is also closely related to their life course. In those days, it was not popular to go to university. The parents married early in their early 20s, and then had children and raised their families. When they were in their early 50s, because of institutional reforms, many people "retired" early. For them, 30-year-old students are really unimaginable. Because, according to their experience, the actual working age may only be more than 20 years old. Compared with schooling, the working hours are actually shorter than schooling. Came to the United States and found that was not the case. It is common to see many professors in their 70s still working, some even with hearing aids. For them with stable retirement wages, work is no longer a necessary economic condition for life, but the joy of their life. An important prerequisite for supporting these professors to still work at an age is that everyone lives well and takes good care of them. That day, the 61-year-old President Bush was seen on TV riding a mountain bike wearing sunglasses and a tight sports suit. It's hard to tell from his outfit that he's a 61-year-old if it wasn't for the host's prompt. Because his posture looks very athletic, like a professional athlete. I also remembered a slogan from Tsinghua University Dongcao: Work for the health of the motherland for 50 years! This sentence is my favorite. It gave me confidence and strength to face the long Odyssey with ease! I study, I exercise, and I contribute to the motherland.