Whether the outbreak of Influenza A (H1N1) has stopped the pace of studying abroad? Earlier today, the first suspected case of Influenza A (H1N1) was found in China. I also received calls from some students and parents, all of whom expressed their interest in studying in the United States. A certain degree of panic. In fact, influenza A H1N1 flu is not as terrible as imagined. Even though there have been more than 2,000 confirmed cases of Influenza A (H1N1) in the United States, the actual death toll is only 3. This shows that the impact of the Influenza A (H1N1) virus on the United States is far from comparable to that of SARS. Many parents of students may confuse the influenza A (H1N1) virus with the SARS outbreak in 2003 based on the situation in Mexico. In fact, the influenza A (H1N1) virus is far less toxic and less harmful to health than the SARS virus. At present, the average temperature in the United States is mostly 25 to 28 degrees Celsius. This temperature is generally the peak period for the spread of various viruses. With the advent of summer, the transmission ability of the H1N1 influenza virus has declined, so after 7 and 8 Months later, the infection of influenza A H1N1 virus is bound to improve significantly. Moreover, the ability of the U.S. government and medical departments to control the disease is obvious to all. It only takes a short time from the detection of cases to confirmed cases. At the same time, excellent medical conditions and advanced technology can also ensure the health of international students working and studying in the United States to the greatest extent. Regarding the emergence of influenza A H1N1 virus and the impact of studying abroad, I personally think it is insignificant. During the SARS period in 2003, our relationship with foreign countries was not affected, and the students who were sent out were not challenged by visa officers in terms of visas, and the success rate of students' visas was still very high. This is the situation in the UK. During the SARS period in 2003, the situation in other countries was similar to that in the UK. It can be said that the SARS in 2003 did not affect the process of Chinese students going abroad. On the other hand, this H1N1 influenza virus epidemic is different from SARS. The most important thing is that China was the most severely affected country in the world at the time of SARS, while in the United States, the United Kingdom and even around the world, China was the number of cases in countries with suspected cases. At least one, as a country that exports international students, this situation is even less likely to affect visas and study abroad, not to mention that most students still start school in September or even later, a 2-month event for governments of various countries. Must be able to deal with the epidemic of influenza A H1N1 virus. The patients with suspected cases of influenza A (H1N1) virus in China are from the University of Missouri, which has four campuses in the United States and is a very good school. The patient is from the St. Louis campus, and no other campuses have found the same case. And I believe that this is just an individual case. In addition, our company conducted a brief interview with about 30 students and parents of more than 200 students and parents who went to the United States to study in September through our company. Almost 100% of the students said that the current "swine flu" will not Disrupt their plans to study in the United States. They both expressed their belief that there would be no greater spread, and even that it would not cause mass death. But 30% of parents also expressed some concern. In addition, more than 90% of the students and parents who are currently consulting with our company to study in the United States said that they would not cancel their plans to study in the United States. Therefore, parents can rest assured, do not have too many concerns, and do not delay time. Now is the most critical moment for the fall of 2009 in the United States. If there is any hesitation, the child's enrollment date will have to be postponed for several months. Later, we will contact more international students from all over the world who have dealt with them through our company, learn about the local situation, inform them about how to prevent "swine flu", and contact their parents in time. Here, I remind overseas students in areas where the epidemic has occurred to carefully consider returning to China, so as not to cause unnecessary trouble. At the same time, we will also conduct common sense on the prevention of infectious diseases for the trainees who are about to go abroad.