There are currently 14 subway lines in Beijing, and 6 are under construction, extending in all directions and everywhere. The urban rail interchange area has always been the first choice for property buyers, but the housing stock in the two-line convergence area is not abundant, let alone the three-rail interchange area. To this end, many first-line developers have begun to grab multi-track land plots. Vanke and ZHUZHU jointly won the Huilongguan Old Village for 2.11 billion yuan to renovate residential and commercial and financial land, and build a new Chinese-style complex community of 550,000 yuan. Planning with transportation as the core Regarding the issue of transportation support, industry experts said: half of the real estate development needs to study transportation, which is a very critical factor. Now there is a saying "the last mile", but after I get off the subway station, what should I do with the last mile, or what should I do if I walk one kilometer to the subway station? For example, if you are working in Zhongguancun and you are very close to Line 4, how many minutes will you get home after getting off the subway? It's what buyers care about most. There is also the transportation network, just like you have a mobile phone, we don’t have it, you don’t have it, it’s useless, and the subway is the same, just one line means there is no subway. Now the construction of the community should be designed and planned with transportation nodes as the core . The new Chinese-style livable project is located on the east side of Shangdi, with a total construction area of about 550,000 square meters. It is a new Chinese-style community that strives for a beautiful environment, comfortable living and complete facilities. The community has a unique "dual-core" space planning and landscape design. The two groups of green spaces in the north and south are used as the green engine of the whole community, so that the building and the landscape are organically combined. You can get a corner of silence in the hustle and bustle, and enjoy a quiet in the bustling. Line 3 Subway Convergence is adjacent to the two expressways. There are three rail transit networks of Line 13, Line 8 (Phase II) and Changping Line. It takes 5 to 30 minutes to reach core areas such as Shangdi, Zhongguancun, Guoao, and Financial Street. Beijing-Tibet and Beijing-Baobao pass through two expressways, which greatly improves the convenience of transportation. In addition to the gathering of higher education institutions around the mature living supporting project, Lantian Kindergarten, Beiwai Affiliated School, Shangdi Experimental School, Qixing Kindergarten, Huilongguan Central Kindergarten, Huilongguan Central Primary School, Shangdi Experimental School, Qinghe No. Close to. It has many high-quality medical resources such as PLA 309 Hospital, Huilongguan Hospital, and Qinghe Hospital. Aeon International Shopping Center, Xingmei Shopping Center, Xidan Shopping Center, Huilongguan Shopping Center, Hualian Commercial Building and other large-scale commercial venues constitute a complete living and leisure circle of the project. The large comprehensive area has formed a better life. Next to the Jinyu Huafu is the Xicheng population resettlement housing. It is expected that by the end of 2012, the first batch of Xicheng residents will move in, about 10,000 households. In order to cooperate with the urban depopulation project, the Xicheng District Education Commission will establish a school district in Huilongguan area, including a middle school, a primary school and three kindergartens. Currently, several schools are in the construction phase and will be operational by 2012. The large number of people living in Xicheng will inevitably introduce many living facilities, bringing the inner city lifestyle into this area, and another large-scale comprehensive living area has been formed. I would like to comment on property navigation: