Multifaceted Zhou Xun: Is it a monster, a monster, a woman? (Photo) (Reporter Li Li) On September 26, "Painted Skin" will premiere in China. Coupled with "Li Mi's Conjecture", which will be released on September 19, two films starring Zhou Xun (Dingge) will hit the screen this month. At the beginning of next month, another Zhou Xun movie "Women Are Not Bad" will meet the audience. The three works are very different in terms of subject matter, style and characters. In an exclusive interview with a reporter from the "Yangcheng Evening News", Zhou Xun admitted that the process of "hitting yourself" was not easy: "First I filmed "Li Mi's Conjecture", followed by "Painted Skin", and after a few days of rest, "Women Are Not Bad" It was turned on again. It was difficult to adapt, and the whole person was empty. In the last scene of "Painted Skin", Xiaowei sacrificed something very important for love, and screamed in the sky because of the pain. I still remember that emotion. In "Painted Skin" When the filming of "Women Are Not Bad" started, I kept reminding myself to relax and find new emotions. A few days later, one morning before the play, I looked at myself in the mirror and found that Xiao Wei had left..." One The glamorous fox demon, an eccentric old maid, and a female driver who is persistently looking for love, which one is Zhou Xun? Zhou Xun said: "Everyone is not me, but every one is me." ●She, became a nympho Movie: "Women Are Not Bad" Type: Postmodern Comedy Director: Tsui Hark Release Date: National Day in October ( Tentative) Character: General Identity: Female Physician in the Department of Radiology Appearance: BOBO head, wearing a pair of dull glasses, it makes people laugh at first glance Zhou Xun's interpretation: BOBO head is very "happy" Zhang Shuping helped me create a lot of different The shape, which has a weird and funny BOBO head shape, I think it is very interesting and very happy. Especially the big 800-degree glasses, I laughed to death when I put them on -- I've never seen myself like this! Personality: Timid, cautious, and rigid in life. Zhou Xun's interpretation: She can even number towels. She is a girl who is insecure in her heart. She lives an old-fashioned way, is highly short-sighted, and often trips herself in the crowd. She is obsessed with cleanliness—towels are numbered, toothpaste is scaled, and the washbasin at home is used for washing hands, brushing teeth, and washing face. Such an old-fashioned woman is naturally rarely interested in men, and the general who needs love begins from her usual stereotyped way, and begins to study a mysterious "love elixir", test it personally, and long to rely on chemical reactions to get men's love. Key props: big round myopia glasses, the degree is as high as 800 degrees Zhou Xun's interpretation: wearing glasses became "right corns" I was very uncomfortable with glasses at first, and I always felt dizzy, and became "right corns"---I even Can't find steps! I still remember a scene where I was forced to learn to smoke to change the boring life of an office worker, but I could barely see where the smoke was. I also learned ballroom dancing, that kind of decomposing movement with stiff joints like a puppet, and because of wearing glasses, visual errors made me often take the wrong steps. Although this pair of glasses caused me a lot of trouble, I still think that they were my favorite props in "Women Are Not Bad", and I still cherish them now.