08065 Phase Difference Index Preliminary: As a guest in the deep game, Chelsea won the recent game intensive, and the Blues are still a guest in the deep game, and they can be brave in the away game. With the gradual development of major leagues, the difference index analysis has gradually entered the state. Hotline Analysis has maintained a winning rate of 12 games in recent episodes. The final member's ultimate recommendation has hit second place in the past two consecutive Sundays. In the past five episodes, including the middle of last week, it has been stable at 12 games or more, and the number of individual episodes is a little off. Luck rubs shoulders with the jackpot. In a single game, there are three full games on Sunday, and 10 in the recent 12 games. Friends who are interested in football lottery or a single game can contact to subscribe. 01. Everton VS Liverpool Red Army was tied by Stoke in the last round at home. Although the audience firmly grasped the ball and shot 30 times, Gerrard's goal was blown away by the referee, but still Some bad luck ended up not winning. This round of the derby was played in a double-match situation between the two sides recently. Everton in the historical match was not disadvantaged, and even often won. If the bet is not premium, it will be beneficial to the Red Army. The European compensation currently has a trend of lowering the guest win and raising the main win. If the visiting team maintains a high water resistance, they will at least be undefeated. It should be noted that there can be no more precipitation after the rise. Overly showing favor to the visiting team is often an unpopular signal. BET365 raised the main winning odds to 3.75 early, which is much higher than the average odds. While ignoring the big cold, it is strongly inclined to go up the market, which includes the prevention of losing the game if people ignore the draw. From this, a draw cannot be ruled out. . 02. Villa VS Sunderland Last season, Villa played against Sunderland with 1 draw and 1 loss. In the first half of the game, the high water in the first half/1 obviously had lingering fears about the previous fight, and his confidence in the main victory decreased. Sunderland's victory over Middler in the last round is gaining momentum. If the home team always maintains a medium to high water level after the betting in this game, it means that the dealer is still not optimistic about the home team when the last game is not hot, and the visiting team is very likely to continue to be upset at this time. However, I think that the home team has been underestimated in the initial market. After the bet, it will be appropriate for the precipitation in the upper plate, but it requires a steady and slow decline. If the precipitation is too fast, it will drop to very low water early without rising, and the upper plate will be hot and difficult to win. My prediction for the later stage is that the precipitation will be relatively fast, but most Asian handicap will rise to one goal when it is not too low. The spot water level is too high, and most of them are small wins. Do gallbladder use. In addition, BWIN has 15 Premier League games under the same loss, and the home team has 13 wins and only 2 draws. It can be regarded as an original method to strengthen confidence. 03. Fulham VS West Ham This is a London derby. In the past, Fulham has never won West Ham with 1 draw and 4 losses at home. From this point of view, the home team's first set of tie/half high water is already a great confidence for the farmer. This season, the home team has two wins at home and two losses in away games, which continues the characteristics of the main strong and the weak. After this game is affected by the record of the game, the visiting team will definitely be the first choice for players. If the upper game continues to rise, and when it is almost full, the enthusiasm for the lower game will continue to rise, and the high water in the upper game will also be caused. To resist the impression, in the end, there will be no chance to score under the heat of the next game, especially in such a shallow handicap, you must firmly believe that the heat will not give up faith. At this time, there is no other option except 3; It’s not a focused battle. Usually the dealers don’t take such extreme measures. In the later stage, they are more likely to buck the trend and give the home team proper precipitation, but the water level in the upper plate will not be lower than that of the visiting team. Winning intention, the biggest possibility is that the water in the upper game is slightly higher, and the lower game is still a little warm, and the defense against the lower game is still maintained. In this way, it can be concluded that the two teams will win or lose, and there is no chance of losing or winning the game. . 04. Manchester United VS Bolton The Bolton League Cup was eliminated early. There is no war this week, so you can concentrate on the weekend league. Manchester United has played a double game for a week in a row, and the league started poorly, with only 1 win, 2 draws and 1 loss, and continued to win and chase the top teams. Qiuban was obviously not fully open in the first set, and it would rain or rise directly after the bet. If it was just rain, Manchester United would not be too easy to win. In the home games in recent seasons, the Red Devils not only maintained a complete victory, but also won the game by a large margin. If the bet is not raised as soon as possible, the upper game will be in danger of becoming hot. The average European loss is around 1.22 to support higher handicap, and football lottery can be courageous. 05. The handicap of Middle VS West Brom is the same as that of Villa, and it is also a half/1 initial handicap. Middle is a well-known home team of the Dragons, maintaining an absolute advantage of 5 wins and 2 draws in the home game against West Brom. All wins this season have come from the home court, maintaining the consistent strength of the home court. It should be said that the nature of this set is not the same as that of Villa. This game has underestimated the home team's ability at home. I think it still includes the fact that the dealer is afraid of opening the set too high, and it is easier to give confidence to the upper set. It is very likely that the high water level will rise to half/1 in the later stage. If the water level is too high, it is very likely that the banker has a high water resistance intention. However, this season, the banker pays more attention to risk compensation. Usually, the water level is too high and it is not easy to win or win the game. The chances of a small victory or a draw coexist, but the chance of a draw is very small. What I am more worried about is that the low water in the hemisphere will be lowered on the spot, which will make people think that the profit of the players will be reduced to protect the upper market. Going to the site absorbs the high water chips of the previous market, so if the market drops on the spot, it must be cooled. The level of unpopularity is enough to make up for it, because if there is a drop, it is also the dealer's intention, not because the home team is not enough to let the ball. Since last season, half of the Premier League/1 set has not been lost since last season as long as it is not due to the heat. I think it's a bit risky to do bile, and I'm optimistic about 31. 06. Newcastle VS Black Newcastle The recent chaos caused the team to suffer a 3-game losing streak, and the morale was extremely low. Black's performance was quite satisfactory. In recent times, Newcastle has also lost to the visiting team in a row at home. It is not easy to give the home team a draw/half in the initial set. If this set can be maintained, the upper set will inevitably be high, and the reason for the next set bet is sufficient. At this time, the home team is expected to rebound unbeaten; however, the European loss seems to have little confidence in the current chaotic state of the home team, and most of them only support the tie set. A draw will prevail. Usually, when the water level of the upper and lower plate is close, it means that the banker can accept any result, and there is no obvious tendency. If one keeps a low water and a high water, it will lead the party to bet more. At this time, the banker wants to make a profit, and it must be Not optimistic about the premise of leveling. In this game, I think the dealer will try to maintain the low water of the upper and lower orders to attract more bets on the upper and lower orders, and double-choose 30. BWIN also lost 10 wins, 1 draw and 6 losses to the Premier League home team, and CORAL also lost 3 wins and 3 losses to the Premier League home team, which also supports this choice.