 number of banks have blocked credit card Alipay transactions Banks nominally said that the investigation by reporters to prevent the risk of bad debts caused by illegal cashing is actually making the banks unprofitable due to existing business Morning News reporter Liu Zhifei Recently, Minsheng Bank stopped cooperating with Alipay in credit card business. . It is generally believed in the industry that the prevention of industry risks from illegal cashing out of credit cards is the main reason for some banks to stop this business. However, according to the reporter's understanding, the main reason for the bank to stop the Alipay credit card business is that it is unprofitable. Credit Cards of Various Banks Set Limits on Alipay Recently, some credit card cardholders use Alipay for illegal cashing out increasingly rampant, and some banks have also taken corresponding measures. The reporter logged on Alipay website yesterday and found that Minsheng Bank, Bank of China, Agricultural Bank, Industrial Bank and Shenzhen Development Bank do not support Alipay credit card transactions. Other banks have also imposed corresponding restrictions on online payment. For example, the maximum single limit of China Merchants Bank and China CITIC Bank credit cards on Alipay is 499.99 yuan and 500 yuan respectively, and the maximum daily limit of China Everbright Bank is 300 yuan. The daily limit for customers of Bank of Communications certificate certified credit card is 10,000 yuan. Allegedly, the main purpose of banks restricting credit card transactions in Alipay is to prevent the risk of bad debts that may arise from cashing out. As to why Minsheng Bank stopped Alipay credit card business, the reporter made an interview request to Minsheng Bank Credit Card Center yesterday, but as of yesterday's deadline, the reporter has not received a reply from Minsheng Bank. The main reason is that the bank is unprofitable. However, the reporter learned from a number of industry insiders that the main reason for the bank to stop or restrict Alipay's credit card business is not to prevent risks, but because it is unprofitable. It is understood that the high interest income from credit card cash withdrawals and installments is one of the three major sources of income for banks to operate credit card business, and it is also the driving force behind banks' enthusiasm to encourage credit card holders to withdraw more cash and install more installments. At present, the credit card overdraft and cash revolving credit interest standards given by major banks are almost "5/10,000 daily interest", and some banks also collect compound interest on a monthly basis. Such an interest rate has reached an annualized level of more than 18%, which is equivalent to 2.60 times the bank's current one-year loan interest rate of 6.93% and 2.94 times the 6-month loan interest rate of 6.12%. And the withdrawal limit is generally only 30% to 50% of the credit limit of the credit card, or even lower. At the same time, most banks charge additional cash withdrawal fees ranging from credit card overdrafts. On shopping websites such as Taobao, using Alipay to pay from a credit card can completely eliminate all fees. Many credit card holders use Alipay as a transaction intermediary to transfer the credit limit of the credit card to the debit card through fake consumption, and finally withdraw cash. There is no real cargo transaction in the whole process and no additional fees are required. Credit card transactions on Alipay are also credit card consumption, but neither Alipay nor cardholders have to pay the bank fees, so the bank can be said to be unprofitable. [Related news] Shanghai Banking Regulatory Bureau is concerned about the "Alipay Incident" Morning News reporter Li Qiang reported that some banks blocked Alipay and terminated the cooperative relationship with Alipay. A person from the Shanghai Banking Regulatory Bureau said that the regulatory authorities are paying attention to this matter. So far, relevant The bank has yet to communicate with regulators. In this regard, the regulatory authorities did not make any statement. Recently, the Shanghai Banking Regulatory Bureau has specially issued a risk warning on the excessive credit extension of credit cards, requiring all banks to attach great importance to the losses that may be caused to banks by one person with multiple cards and excessive credit extension. It is understood that the Shanghai Banking Regulatory Bureau has received a large number of consumer complaints, reflecting that some banks have excessive publicity and insufficient risk warnings in their marketing in order to pursue the number of card issuances. Exceeding the cardholder's repayment ability, there is a serious over-credit situation, and some banks consciously or unintentionally ignore the cardholder's repayment difficulties in other banks, and still issue cards or increase their credit card limit. According to the investigation by the supervisory department, some cardholders are young people who have just stepped into the society and have weak self-control. Under the inducement of the bank, they have applied for a number of bank credit cards, and they are unable to repay after excessive consumption. This may include some cardholders using Alipay and other channels to conduct illegal cash-out and other activities, which not only damages the interests of commercial banks, but may eventually cause bad debt losses to the banks. Alipay statement: Alipay claims that rumors do not affect cooperation with banks Alipay accelerates offline penetration Alipay encounters difficulties: Minsheng Bank credit card is suspended to support Alipay and Lakala to enter offline payment Alipay president responds to credit card cash-out incident Bank credit card dilemma fortification Alipay Many banks fortify Alipay against Alipay Denial of "banks fleeing from cooperation" Expert opinion: Alipay can charge a certain fee The bank nominally said that the investigation by the reporter to prevent the risk of bad debts caused by illegal cashing realized that the existing business made the bank unprofitable Morning News reporter Liu Zhifei Recently, Minsheng Bank stopped working with Alipay Credit card business cooperation has once again attracted attention. It is generally believed in the industry that the prevention of industry risks from illegal cashing out of credit cards is the main reason for some banks to stop this business. However, according to the reporter's understanding, the main reason for the bank to stop the Alipay credit card business is that it is unprofitable. Credit Cards of Various Banks Set Limits on Alipay Recently, some credit card cardholders use Alipay for illegal cashing out increasingly rampant, and some banks have also taken corresponding measures. The reporter logged on Alipay website yesterday and found that Minsheng Bank, Bank of China, Agricultural Bank, Industrial Bank and Shenzhen Development Bank do not support Alipay credit card transactions. Other banks have also imposed corresponding restrictions on online payment. For example, the maximum single limit of China Merchants Bank and China CITIC Bank credit cards on Alipay is 499.99 yuan and 500 yuan respectively, and the maximum daily limit of China Everbright Bank is 300 yuan. The daily limit for customers of Bank of Communications certificate certified credit card is 10,000 yuan. Allegedly, the main purpose of banks restricting credit card transactions in Alipay is to prevent the risk of bad debts that may arise from cashing out. As to why Minsheng Bank stopped Alipay credit card business, the reporter made an interview request to Minsheng Bank Credit Card Center yesterday, but as of yesterday's deadline, the reporter has not received a reply from Minsheng Bank. The main reason is that the bank is unprofitable. However, the reporter learned from a number of industry insiders that the main reason for the bank to stop or restrict Alipay's credit card business is not to prevent risks, but because it is unprofitable. It is understood that the high interest income from credit card cash withdrawals and installments is one of the three major sources of income for banks to operate credit card business, and it is also the driving force behind banks' enthusiasm to encourage credit card holders to withdraw more cash and install more installments. At present, the credit card overdraft and cash revolving credit interest standards given by major banks are almost "5/10,000 daily interest", and some banks also collect compound interest on a monthly basis. Such an interest rate has reached an annualized level of more than 18%, which is equivalent to 2.60 times the bank's current one-year loan interest rate of 6.93% and 2.94 times the 6-month loan interest rate of 6.12%. And the withdrawal limit is generally only 30% to 50% of the credit limit of the credit card, or even lower. At the same time, most banks charge additional cash withdrawal fees ranging from credit card overdrafts. On shopping websites such as Taobao, using Alipay to pay from a credit card can completely eliminate all fees. Many credit card holders use Alipay as a transaction intermediary to transfer the credit limit of the credit card to the debit card through fake consumption, and finally withdraw cash. There is no real cargo transaction in the whole process and no additional fees are required. Credit card transactions on Alipay are also credit card consumption, but neither Alipay nor cardholders have to pay the bank fees, so the bank can be said to be unprofitable. [Related news] The Shanghai Banking Regulatory Bureau is concerned about the "Alipay Incident" Morning News reporter Li Qiang reported that some banks blocked Alipay and terminated the cooperative relationship with Alipay. A person from the Shanghai Banking Regulatory Bureau said that the regulatory authorities are paying attention to this matter. So far, relevant The bank has yet to communicate with regulators. In this regard, the regulatory authorities did not make any statement. Recently, the Shanghai Banking Regulatory Bureau has specially issued a risk warning on the excessive credit extension of credit cards, requiring all banks to attach great importance to the losses that may be caused to banks by one person with multiple cards and excessive credit extension. It is understood that the Shanghai Banking Regulatory Bureau has received a large number of consumer complaints, reflecting that some banks have excessive publicity and insufficient risk warnings in their marketing in order to pursue the number of card issuances. Exceeding the cardholder's repayment ability, there is a serious over-credit situation, and some banks consciously or unintentionally ignore the cardholder's repayment difficulties in other banks, and still issue cards or increase their credit card limit. According to the investigation by the supervisory department, some cardholders are young people who have just stepped into the society and have weak self-control. Under the inducement of the bank, they have applied for a number of bank credit cards, and they are unable to repay after excessive consumption. This may include some cardholders using Alipay and other channels to conduct illegal cash-out and other activities, which not only damages the interests of commercial banks, but may eventually cause bad debt losses to the banks. Alipay statement: Alipay claims that rumors do not affect cooperation with banks Alipay accelerates offline penetration Alipay encounters difficulties: Minsheng Bank credit card is suspended to support Alipay and Lakala to enter offline payment Alipay president responds to credit card cash-out incident Bank credit card dilemma fortification Alipay Many banks fortify Alipay against Alipay Denial of "banks fleeing cooperation" expert opinion: Alipay can charge a certain fee