 number of online media launched a joint proposal to donate to Taiwan to spread love to Taiwan? A joint proposal to donate to Taiwan with siblings and family. The flood buried Tianlun's family and swept away his home. To this end, this morning, Sina.com, Sohu, NetEase, Tencent, TOM.com, Kaixin.com, Phoenix.com, BlogChina.com, Kuliu.com, Beijing Internet Media Association and other Beijing Internet media circles jointly proposed to help Taiwan compatriots fight against the disaster and rebuild. Share love. Previously, Sina.com and Tencent.com had donated 2 million yuan each last night (August 16). After the disaster, it is easier to feel lonely and helpless in the devastated world. At this time, nothing can compare to the care from the relatives Pao Ze! We believe that in the face of disasters, the most beautiful brilliance of human nature always shines! We believe even more that the voice of "We want to donate and spread love to Taiwan" is constantly being voiced from the heart of the Chinese community of compatriots on both sides of the Taiwan Strait! Let us take action, no less than 10,000 yuan, donate to compatriots suffering from the "88 floods" in Taiwan, and serve our brotherhood and family love! People are hungry and they are hungry, and people are drowning themselves! Let's use the great power of online media to gather the love of the entire Chinese community? Spread the love to Taiwan! Initiative co-sponsors: Sina.com, Sohu, Netease, Tencent, TOM.com, Kaixin.com, Phoenix.com, blog, China.com.cn, Kuliu.com, Beijing Internet Media Association Siyuan Project Poverty Alleviation Foundation Account Bank: Bank of China Beijing Happiness Plaza Sub-branch Address: Room 239, China Civil Construction Center, No. 208, Jixiangli, Chaowai Street, Chaoyang District, Beijing Postal Code: 100020 Donation Hotline: (010)85698220 Official Website: www.sygoc. org.cn Description: Please indicate "Taiwan" when remittance. Passing Love Donation Channel 2: China Foundation for Poverty Alleviation 1. Bank remittance: (please indicate "Morakle Rescue" for donation) Account name: China Foundation for Poverty Alleviation Account number: 8145-11681908091001 Bank of deposit: Bank of China Beijing Science and Technology Convention and Exhibition Center Sub-branch 2. Remittance from post office (please specify "Morakke Rescue" for donation) Address: China Foundation for Poverty Alleviation Emergency Rescue, 5th Floor, South Building, No. 36, Shuangyushu Xili, Haidian District, Beijing Department Zip Code: 100086 Passing Love Donation Channel 3: Shenzhen Red Cross Society Account Name: Shenzhen Red Cross Society Renminbi Account Bank: Industrial Bank Shenzhen Branch Account Number: 337?010?100?1000?70215 (Please be sure to specify: for disaster victims in Taiwan Donations from fellow citizens)