Zhan Jun Football Lottery Recommendation: The Blues and Reds both need to defend against the Gunners Tottenham. In the Premier League games of this season, the difficulties are concentrated in the two games of Newcastle and West Brom, while the two giants of Liverpool and Chelsea, although the first round Qi Qi won, but this round will encounter "hard bones" and need to be careful to prevent the draw. Liverpool: Mead (3, 1) Robbie Keane and Torres have not been able to spark for the time being. It takes great patience to break through the dense defense of Liverpool. Moreover, in several games in the new season, it was found that their control of the high-altitude ball in the back is not as good as before, and there is a danger of losing the ball in this battle. Their main target is next week's Champions League second-leg qualifiers, a bit of a distraction. Although Meade has not defeated the Red Army away from home for 32 years, the true nature of the stronger and stronger cannot be ignored! Blackburn: Hull City (3) Bentley's departure has little impact on Blackburn's offense. On the contrary, Dunn got rid of the injury problem, and the midfielder has done a good job of threading the needle. The only thing to worry about is the goalkeeper link. Since Hull City's away striker is not a big threat, it is estimated that the home team can win. Newcastle: Bolton (3, 0) Newcastle's situation is prone to ups and downs. If it wasn't for Kivin's many rescues in the early part of the game, it's hard to say whether they can get out. It is worth affirming that the defense has improved, but how to assist Martins in the offense is still a big problem. The wing has a certain speed, but blindly fights alone. The most important thing in Bolton's first game is confidence. As long as he continues to practice the "heading tactics" well, he may be upset in the away game. West Brom: Everton (3, 1) I personally feel that West Brom should have no worries of relegation if they play normally this season, and the home record will be the key factor in determining their fate. Their alternative "Arsenal" also pursues offensive football, with a lot of attack points, and there are ways to deal with different types of teams. Everton suffers from too many injured soldiers. If the defensive players can recover in time, they may be able to draw a draw. Tottenham: Sunderland (3) Back at home Tottenham can fully display their offensive power. The inability to score first in the first round resulted in a passive situation. This time there will be enough opportunities to ensure the 100% winning rate against Sunderland at home in the Premier League. . Keane focused on the introduction of midfield and frontcourt players to solve offensive problems. His goal of scoring points is still at the Stadium of Light, and his away record may be difficult to improve. Stoke City: Villa (1, 0) Although Birmingham has been relegated this season, the central derby between West Brom, Stoke City and Villa is still very intense. In the first Premier League game in nearly 23 years, Stoke City's players paid "tuition fees", and the lack of concentration on the defensive line led to a defeat. But in fact, they are also the "Bolton" in the British Championship, who are good at aerial bombardment of set-pieces. The Villa team has replaced a pair of full-backs in the new season, and the defensive line is still being adjusted. Fortunately, all the fierce generals on the attacking line are able to take action, and they are expected to maintain a level and win. Fulham: Arsenal (0) Although the coach Hogson is experienced, the lineup has changed too much, and he needs time to adjust it slowly. Arsenal will definitely have no problem at the beginning of the season. Once Xiaofa returns, the number of goals will continue to rise. Van Persie performed well in the Netherlands in midweek. The starter of this round will "destroy the city" with Adebayor to ensure the victory of the London derby. Wigan: Chelsea (1,0) Wigan is no longer the "four giants cash machine", Bruce led the team to defend a lot more stable, last season had draws with Liverpool, Arsenal and Chelsea. The players recruited in the new season are very suitable for their simple and effective style of play. It is difficult for Deco and Ballack, the core of the Blues, to find calm passing time as they did in the last round. Chelsea's offensive transformation is basically successful, and the quality of the counterattack will determine whether it can overcome the difficulties this time. Recommended in this issue: 31, 3, 30, 3, 3, 1, 0, 1, 10, 3, 3, 31, 3, 30.