Glass Town Cruise Ship Set Off and Art Museum Unveiling Ceremony (Photos) On May 3, the last day of the "May 1st" small holiday, many owners, artists and "media bigwigs" gathered in Grasse Small Town surrounded by the old river bay Town (forum photo album apartment type model room map search). The sun was shining brightly, and everyone was very excited. It turned out that the cruise ship in Grasse Township and the unveiling ceremony of the Town Art Museum were about to be held. The attentive Luneng Group has opened up a "unique house viewing route" for the town of Grasse this time - along the winding old river bay, rafting along the centuries-old Harrow, the town center, and the romantic Mediterranean charm. The model area of Grass Town Phase II. The picture shows General Manager Wang Guangshan, the "Mayor" of Grasse Town. At 10:28 in the morning, the sailing ceremony started lively with the sound of gongs and drums. "Mr. Wang Guangshan, General Manager of China Real Estate Index Research Institute, Mr. Shangguan Jianhua, delivered a speech at the launching ceremony, saying that Grass Town has begun to take shape and enjoys a good reputation in the industry, and he expressed his wishes for the bright future of Grass Town. In addition to the sailing ceremony of the cruise ship, a grand unveiling ceremony was also held for the Grass Town Art Museum. Grass Town Art Museum will display the art works of well-known calligraphers and painters for a long time to enrich the cultural life of the town. The picture shows the guests present at the unveiling ceremony for the Grasse Art Museum. The first bottle of Chanel No. 5 was developed in the south of France, which made the town of Grasse known as the capital of perfume, and the town of Grasse in Beijing is just south of France. Based on the romantic ecological town of Grasse, it is a cultural city with a strong French artistic atmosphere. The art gallery in the center of the town is the most typical representative. It can be said that the charm of art is condensed everywhere in the small town of Grasse. Walking here, you may inadvertently burst out the inspiration of life, and the art museum is the collection of all life spirituality and the essence of small town art. i want to comment