Astronomers have clearly observed the black hole at the center of the Milky Way for the first time (picture) most intimate contact". Working with three telescopes in Hawaii, Arizona and California, they made observations of the region near the black hole with a resolution of up to 37 microarcseconds, equivalent to 240,000 miles (380,000 kilometers) away. A baseball was observed on the lunar surface. It is reported that the resolution of the observation results is the highest in the history of astronomy. "This technique gives us the opportunity to make unprecedented observations of the region near the black hole at the center of the Milky Way," said observation lead author Sheperd Doeleman of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. Co-author, Harvard - Jonathan Weintroub of the Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics said: "No one has looked at the center of the Milky Way in such detail before. Our view of the black hole's event dome boundary (black hole boundary) Observations have been made and nothing can escape from this area, including light." The observations will be published in the September 4 issue of the journal Nature. Using a technique called Very Long Baseline Interferometry (VLBI), a team of astronomers led by Duleman used an array of telescopes to study the radio waves from Sagittarius A. VLBI can combine the signals from multiple telescopes, which is equivalent to using a giant telescope, resulting in extremely high resolution. The radio wavelengths emitted by Sagittarius A stars are 1.3 millimeters, and they are able to escape the center of the galaxy more easily than radio of larger wavelengths. Longer wavelengths tend to suffer from interstellar scattering. Scattering at this point is like smoke around a streetlight, blurring details while reducing the brightness. VLBI can usually only observe wavelengths above 3.5 millimeters, but through innovative instrumentation and analysis techniques, the team of astronomers can obtain data at wavelengths of 1.3 millimeters. During the observations, the team of astronomers clearly observed the structure of the center of the Milky Way, with a resolution of up to 37 microarcseconds, equivalent to 30 million miles (about 48.28 million kilometers) or about one-third of the distance between the Earth and the sun. With the help of three telescopes, astronomers can only vaguely determine the shape of this radiation zone. Future studies will help give more accurate answers about a halo (an orbiting "hot spot" or region of ejected matter) around the black hole they are observing. Either way, the observation was the first ever "closest encounter" with the black hole, which has a Schwarzschild radius of 10 million miles (16.09 million kilometers). Harvard theorist Avi Loeb commented: "This is a seminal observational report that shows that such high-resolution observations can be made, and also opens up the possibility of detecting the structure of space-time near black holes. A new window into Einstein's theory of gravity." Loeb was not involved in the observations. In 2006, Loeb and his colleague Avery Broderick studied how ultra-high-resolution imaging of the center of the Milky Way could be used to look for the shadows, or silhouettes, of supermassive black holes "lurking" there, as well as the inner A "hot zone" of material being sucked into a black hole. Now, astronomers are planning to test these theoretical assumptions. Weintraub said: "This is a highly unusual observation that confirms the huge potential use of VLBI technology at 1.3 mm wavelength to probe the center of the Milky Way, as well as to study other phenomena under similar conditions. (Xiao Wen) Related reports: Hubble observes forming galaxies and black holes (picture) Intergalactic collisions prompt black holes to devour gas and dust (picture) Scientists use running water to verify black hole theory (picture)