Improve the old appearance of the south of the city and find a new project around the wetland park expressway In addition to investing 290 billion yuan in Chongwen, Xuanwu, Fengtai, Fangshan and Daxing in three years, it also proposed for the first time to create a "one axis, one belt, multiple parks" industrial development pattern in the south of the city. Nancheng property market will heat up sharply. At present, in order to improve the backward traffic situation in the south of the city, Beijing has invested 10.8 billion yuan to start the construction of seven major passages. Among them, the Jingliang Expressway, the Jingshi Second Passage, the south extension of Maxi Road and the west extension of Meishikou Road in Fengtai will all start construction next year, and are expected to be fully completed and opened to traffic in 2 to 3 years. The west extension of Meishikou Road runs from Yuquan Road across Yongding River to Changxing Road. It is located between Lianshi Road and Jingshi Expressway. After completion, it can divert 15% of the traffic from east to west and relieve the traffic jam of Jingshi Expressway. Combined with the improvement of the ecological environment in the south of the city, the construction of the second phase of the South Central Axis Forest Park and Sanhaizi Wetland Park will also be launched next year. Today, I will recommend a few projects in this range to you. CITIC New City (Forum Album Model Room Review Map Search) The project is located on Sanhaizi East Road, Yizhuang Economic and Technological Development Zone. It is expected to enter the market at the end of 2010 or early 2011. The current average price is to be determined. 90-160 square meters three-bedroom, 180-220 square meters four-bedroom, some fine decoration, is expected to move in April 2013. The project is located in the core area of Yizhuang New Town, and is dominated by slab buildings. The CITIC New Town project is adjacent to the Southeast Fifth Ring Road and is located on the west side of the core living area of Yizhuang. It is the last residential land in the core living area of Yizhuang, and it is also the only residential project included in the overall planning of "Nanhaizi Park". "Nanhaizi Park" covers an area of 11.65 square kilometers (15,000 mu), which is equivalent to 4 Chaoyang Parks. The surrounding supporting facilities of the CITIC New Town project are complete, including living, education, medical, leisure and entertainment facilities. The overall planning of the project reaches 1.7 million square meters. The formation of double parks is the first choice for low-carbon and livable life. The above information is for reference only, and the final announcement by the developer shall prevail. This manuscript is the exclusive original manuscript of Sina Leju, all rights reserved. Please indicate the source when citing or reprinting. Click to view more discounted real estate informationClick to view the latest real estate apartment displayI want to comment on real estate navigation: