Rockets four-game losing streak atmosphere is dignified Ah Shuai: Do you think I have a problem with Yao? Sina Sports News Beijing time on November 5 (November 4 local time in Houston) at noon, the Rockets had a routine training after yesterday's loss to the New Orleans Hornets. Today's training started relatively late, and the team still emphasized The point is to correct the old problems of the fourth quarter. After starting with a four-game losing streak, the atmosphere on the team was somewhat dignified. Fewer people were joking on the training ground, and more people consciously stayed and practiced. Gone is the usual game of Taylor and Jordan Hill shooting frolicking together, replaced by free throw drills by Budinger, Hill and Patterson. Budinger's feel is much better today than yesterday. He made 20 consecutive free throws. In the end, Jordan Hill simply stood under the basket and started a ball boy to pick up the ball for him. Brooks, who was criticized in yesterday's game, left the training ground early. On the way, he met a familiar person to congratulate him on having another pair of twin daughters, and Brooks nodded quite seriously without a smile. It seems that the start of the 4-game losing streak has suddenly increased his psychological pressure. Adelman, who usually sits in the corner to read the tactical manual, can't sit still today, and has discussed with his coaching staff for nearly half an hour. Usually, the assistant coaches will explain the exercises to the players in different positions separately, but today they all got together for a meeting. Finally, when coach Adelman walked off the court for an interview, his expression was quite serious. A reporter asked sharply at the beginning of the game: "Yao and other players say that they are sometimes confused when they execute tactics on the court. As a coach, do you think the team is on the right path in the use of Yao? "Adelman is obviously not interested in this issue, he asked: "Are you talking about Yao himself or he influenced other people on the court?" The reporter quickly added: "I mean how Yao is used on the court." "Yao Ming's use has nothing to do with our loss in the last quarter yesterday." Adelman replied: "We didn't play as tenaciously as we should, we didn't play according to the tactical plan, and we didn't think about what we were going to do. ." The head coach said several sentences of "We didn't do it well". He paused and continued: "In the few minutes Yao Ming was on the court in the fourth quarter, there were three or four rounds that we've been playing like this for the past few years. So it's not Yao's problem, it's our lack of attention. Concentration. We made several 'game-changing' mistakes. That's what we're mainly emphasizing today. If the team can't correct these problems, there's no way to win." (Houston China Times Volcano Birds)