Ma Xiaoxu's accidental injury made the Olympic Games vigilant and helpless. The heavy rain especially favored Yin Jiajun reporter Fu Yayu. Shenyang reported that the Olympic team still did not get rid of the rain. At 6:00 pm on July 31, the daily training of the Olympic team was interrupted by heavy rain again. In desperation, the players only jogged for 25 minutes and ended in haste. At 10:00 on the morning of the 31st, when the Olympic team was training outside the Olympic Sports Center, the sky was overcast. The weather forecast showed that there would be heavy rain in Shenyang that afternoon, but fortunately, the team's morning training was not disturbed. When the team arrived at the training ground at 6 p.m., the rain had been falling for several hours, and it had no intention of stopping. With the attitude of giving it a try, the team started the routine training in the afternoon. 25 minutes passed, and the weather showed no signs of improving. In order to protect the players, the Olympic team decided to suspend the training of the day, and the whole team returned immediately. hotel. Training in the rain is not uncommon for football teams, but the team has become "delicate" ahead of the Olympics. In the last week of training in Shenyang, the Olympic team must first ensure that the existing players do not suffer from unexpected injuries so as not to affect the official game. Therefore, in this stage, the control of training injuries and the occurrence of diseases such as colds have been placed on the team’s attention. important location. After arriving in Shenyang, central defender Feng Xiaoting has not been training. Feng Xiaoting caught a cold in Changchun on July 27, so he did not participate in the warm-up match against Serbia on the 29th. According to the team, Feng Xiaoting did not have a fever, but for the sake of safety, he was allowed to rest in the past two days and resume training after the cold was completely cured. Due to the example of Feng Xiaoting, the Olympic team is particularly cautious about training in the rain, mainly because they are worried that the players will catch a cold and cause a cold, resulting in non-combat attrition. The female football player Ma Xiaoxu was injured in the warm-up match and missed the Olympics, which also makes the Olympic team in Shenyang extra vigilant. "During training, players are constantly told to pay attention to their movements. We can't do this again." a staff member said. From Changchun to Shenyang, the rain accompanied the Olympic team all the way, "It's also evil, the rain will fall wherever we go. Several training sessions in Changchun were disturbed by the heavy rain. I didn't expect this kind of thing to happen again in Shenyang. ." A national Olympic player was also a little puzzled by the "favor" of rain.