Record: "Mei Lanfang" theme song MV premieres Liming as the director Sina Entertainment News On October 21, the film "Mei Lanfang" male and female lead actors and theme song singers Zhang Ziyi () and Liming (listen to the song) gathered at the Mei Lanfang Theater , attended the film's theme song "You Know My Love" MV premiere conference, and unveiled the film's first poster on the spot. Since then, it has also been announced that the 2008 blockbuster "Mei Lanfang" will be officially launched. The following is the transcript of the press conference: The live broadcast of the MV reviewing "Mei Lanfang" The audience shouted Zhang Ziyi's beautiful voice. Host: Distinguished guests and media colleagues, good afternoon! I am Jingwei (blog), the host of the movie channel "China Movie Report (blog)". I would like to welcome everyone to the MTV premiere global conference of the movie "Mei Lanfang". I just revisited some classic love scenes and beautiful love songs in the movie just now. Indeed, love is an eternal theme, so it is often seen in movies. And the movie "Mei Lanfang" is a particularly poignant and moving love story. This movie is a masterpiece made by director Chen Kaige for three years, and a lot of hard work has been poured into it. Until the MTV theme song "You Know My Love" was broadcast on hundreds of radio stations across the country, it was well received by many listeners, and everyone liked it very much. The MV for this song has also been completed, and it will be unveiled to the public for the first time today to test how much everyone loves this song and this movie. Today, I saw so many media friends come to the scene, and two international superstars chatted with us about the MV and the movie. Before inviting them, let's walk into the moving event of the movie "Mei Lanfang" together through the MV and the short film. (The MV short film is played live) Host: It's really a beautiful song, a very beautiful music, a very beautiful picture, and some clips from the movie are interspersed, so let us look forward to this movie even more. Let's invite two international superstars Liming and Zhang Ziyi to talk about the MV. How is it, I heard my own singing in the background just now, how do you feel? Zhang Ziyi: I have heard it many times. Moderator: But this is the first time for everyone to hear it in public. Zhang Ziyi: Ask the public how they feel? Audience: Very nice, beautiful. Li Ming, director of the theme song MV, Zhang Ziyi, has a deep affection for the film. The host: I am very happy to see the presence of two international superstars today. Liming's identity this time is more complicated. First of all, he is the hero of the movie. After three years of filming, he devoted himself to singing this song, and most importantly, he directed the MV. Zhang Ziyi said just now In order to hear everyone's feelings, do you want to hear everyone's feelings about this movie and this MV? Dawn: Let everyone talk about how they feel better. Moderator: I want to hear how you feel today. Liming: This film is the work of director Chen Kaige. Zhang Ziyi, Yingda, and Chen Hong (listen to the song blog) were very happy to film this film. I helped the director to make this song, and I listened to the director's request. To do, and the promotion of the movie songs are integrated, so they must be linked, so the director asked me to do it, and I finished it according to his instructions, which led to the MV. Host: Like a movie, the MV was made with a huge amount of money, including Mr. Lei Songde, Mr. Yao Qian, and Miss Zhang Ziyi by your side. Since we rarely hear you sing in a movie, what persuaded you and moved you to sing the theme song this time? Zhang Ziyi: I think everyone has put a lot of personal emotion into the film "Mei Lanfang". In addition to completing a good role as an actor, the most important thing is that everyone loves this group. Everyone has worked together for so long, and their feelings for the characters, the director, and the actors all hope that the movie will be good, and they all hope to do more for the film. Moderator: That's great, now you can leave a movie work, and you can also leave a music work. Zhang Ziyi: That's thanks to Dawn. Zhang Ziyi thanked Liming for his on-site guidance and hoped to impress the audience with his love for recording the song. Host: How do you feel about working with Tianwang? Zhang Ziyi: I wouldn't have sung so well if I hadn't been there for Liming when recording the song. He gave me a lot of confidence. Moderator: There are specific guidance. Zhang Ziyi: We are good friends in private, we know each other very well, so I won't be very nervous. But after all, for me, this is another area, I am more confident in front of the camera, but I am more nervous in front of the microphone, so Dawn gave me a lot of inspiration. Liming: In fact, during the recording process, Ziyi's voice was very sweet. I was the translator on the spot, and Zhang Ziyi was recording in the studio. Zhang Ziyi: When I recorded it, it was completely dark, and only the stand for the music score and lyrics had a small lamp. I don't have any skills in singing, and I don't understand music skills, but I use my real feelings as an actor. I want to put my emotions in it. Those emotions can move people, and I think the effect is not bad. Dawn: I feel pretty good. This movie left a lot of memories in our minds when we were shooting. When the two of us were recording separately, there were a lot of movie images in our minds, and it was easy to put our feelings into it. Host: When you sing, you often think about Meng Xiaodong's emotion. Zhang Ziyi: Yes. Because we are so devoted, we have been together for so long, and basically we have thoroughly eaten the characters. In the future, when the movie comes out, everyone will feel that real feeling, that tear, that smile, how real the emotion of two people is . Host: So the name of the song is "You Know My Love", it conveys inner emotions. Dawn: There is love between people, so "You Know My Love" appeared. Host: This MV is your directorial debut. Have you shown it to director Chen Kaige? Liming: I have to show it to the director. He glanced at it twice and said to continue. I was taking some clips and putting them in. It's all film, and the MV is usually produced at 720 pixels on TV, but our 1920 is the highest, 4 times the normal. The director asked for it to be of the same quality as the movie, so we had to do it on a computer program and it took almost 4 times as long. I think it's a gift to the audience that we give to the audience, and it's a requirement of our job, and I think it's just a matter of doing it well.