Hengsheng Bordeaux Town Sovia International Art Village Launching Ceremony (Photos) Theme: "Let Art Come into Life" Hengsheng Bordeaux (Forum Album Model Room Map Search) Town Sovia International Art Village "International Artist Residency" The launching ceremony of "Village Exchange" Time: 10:00, May 30, 2009 Address: Sunshine Bordeaux Sales Office The following is the wonderful record of this event: Moderator: Distinguished guests, good morning! "Let Art Come into Life" Hengsheng Bordeaux Town Sovia International Art Village "International Artist Residency Exchange" launching ceremony officially started! The event was hosted by Hengsheng Real Estate Beijing Hetian Hexin Real Estate Development Co., Ltd. and hosted by Sovia International Art Village. Guests attending today's event include Mr. Gong Jisui, president of the Central Academy of Fine Arts and professor of the Central Academy of Fine Arts, the landscape architect of the Olympic Organizing Committee, Ms. Ma, the Chinese representative of the Swedish SS Color Center, Mr. Xu Junjie, the artistic director of Sovia Art Village, and the vice president of Hengsheng Real Estate. Mr. Xu Quan, Mr. Lu Shunyao, General Manager of Hengsheng Real Estate Beijing Hetian Hexin Real Estate Development Co., Ltd., representatives of artists, representatives of owners of the first phase of Bordeaux Town, Mr. Jia, General Manager of Jiujiu Shenlong, Ms. Sun Guiyun, a famous painter, etc., as well as representatives of the media , let us extend a warm welcome to all the guests present today. With the root of the grape, there is the connotation of life; with the connotation of life, there is a different taste of the town. Today is another great day for our Bordeaux town, because today the Sovia International Art Village "International Artist Residency Exchange Program" will be launched, which is another beautiful connotation of our Hengsheng Bordeaux town. The dream of "art into life" is about to become a reality. So what is the specific connotation of the "international artist-in-village exchange program" that truly "brings art into life"? Next, we are honored to invite Mr. Xu Junjie, the art director of Sovia International Art Village, to answer your questions. Director Xu please! Xu Junjie: Leaders, distinguished guests, ladies and gentlemen, good morning. The picture shows Xu Junjie, the artistic director of Sovia International Art Village, thanking everyone for taking time out of their busy schedules to come to Hengsheng Bordeaux Town to participate in "Let Art Come into Life" Sovia International Art Village "International Artist Residency Exchange Program" Launching Ceremony. Now, let me briefly introduce some information about the "International Artist Residency Exchange Program" project of Sovia International Art Village. Sovia International Art Village is located in Hengsheng Bordeaux Town, which has the reputation of "original European-style town" in the economic intersection of Beijing and Tianjin. Adhering to the idea of Hengsheng Group's "Building. Ultimate Life", it strives to build a five-star real estate that integrates humanities, technology, green, commerce and tourism, and brings together artists from all over the world, so that different art cultures can pass through Sovia International Art. The platform of the village will meet for a short time and develop together healthily. At the same time, the launch of this project has also enriched the cultural life of the community, created a good humanistic environment, and strived to "bring art into life" so that culture, art and humanistic economy can be connected to each other in multiple dimensions, forming a healthy humanistic and economic ecological chain. Sovia International Art Village is 25 kilometers away from downtown Beijing in the north, 15 kilometers away from Yizhuang Economic and Technological Development Zone, and 80 kilometers away from downtown Tianjin in the east. Relying on the traffic location advantages of Hengsheng Bordeaux Town, it is quickly connected to multi-dimensional transportation networks such as "Beijing-Tianjin-Tangshan Expressway", "104 National Road", "Beijing-Tianjin Urban High-speed Railway" and "Yizhuang Light Rail L2 Line", bringing the city closer to the green nature. Distance, space and thought expands the definition of life. The International Art Village is equipped with artist studios, artist clubs, small town art museums, small town theaters, art training centers, etc. It is not only for artists to work and live, but also for industry professionals and community residents to meet and relax, academic exchanges, A comprehensive platform for art appreciation. As we all know, the Chinese contemporary art market has entered a period of substantial adjustment in 2008, which has become a turning point in the Chinese art market, and "health and rationality" has become the direction that the Chinese art market is striving for. In the eyes of many people, art may be a special kind of work, or even an unreachable mirage. Have you ever thought that art was once a good memory of childhood and a way to relax your mind inadvertently? Not everyone has skilled art creation skills, but everyone has the right to engage in art creation. In fact, art is around you, life. In other words, everyone is an artist. From this point of view, "Bringing Art into Life" is no longer a slogan, but has actually become an important part of the adjustment measures of the art market. Therefore, Sovia International Art Village takes a positive and responsible attitude and takes promoting the development of the Chinese art market as its own responsibility. From the planning stage, it has determined several work priorities from a rational and pragmatic point of view: 1. Healthy, stable and orderly art Platform. Sovia International Art Village focuses on an artist's potential rather than a prestigious background. Whether it is a mature artist, a newcomer or an art lover who is interested in participating, they can have active exchanges with artists and art professionals from all over the world at Sovia International Art Village, broaden their horizons and increase their skills. More importantly, the artists and related persons participating in this project can integrate into the community life, enjoy the influence of high-quality humanistic quality in the community, and accumulate richer and solid creative experience and fraternity and wise humanistic thoughts. 2. A window for the world to understand Chinese art life. Through their living experience in Beijing, foreign resident artists can experience Chinese culture on the spot, experience and witness the development process of Chinese contemporary art, in order to achieve cultural exchange and learning opportunities. Efforts are made to promote art exchanges between China and foreign countries. Although the window is not the largest, it is hoped that what you see will be splendid. 3. Establish an academic exchange atmosphere of friendship and mutual assistance with units in the same industry. Sovia International Art Village will be open to you in a humble, inclusive, simple and friendly attitude, and will actively hold activities and academic exchanges and mutual visits with well-known art institutions at home and abroad, and turn what they have learned into motivation to promote the healthy development of the industry atmosphere. Infect the community and give back to the society. Next, I will briefly introduce the residency conditions and residency treatment of the "International Artist Residency Exchange Program" 1. Professional artist applicants must be recommended by recommenders (art institutions, curators, art museum experts, artists, etc.). The recommenders must Familiar with the applicant's ability and expertise, after being reviewed and approved by the Sovia International Art Village expert group, we will issue a notification as soon as possible and make routine placement arrangements. 2. Art lovers and ordinary applicants need to submit relevant works to the management agency of Sovia International Art Village. After being reviewed and approved by Sovia International Art Village experts, we will issue a notice as soon as possible and make routine arrangements for residency . All selected resident artists can enjoy three-month free services, including work and accommodation space, regular art exhibitions and academic exchange activities during the residency period. Regular exhibitions are open to the public free of charge. Since Sovia International Art Village is an international exchange program, we will implement hotel-style management and deployment of resources such as space and facilities in the Art Village to keep the project continuing and orderly. More latest information about Sovia International Art Village will be announced to the outside world in time through the media or official website, so all interested artists and art managers should pay attention at any time. We also welcome you to give us feedback in time ,Give suggestion. Finally, on behalf of Sovia International Art Village, please allow me to express my gratitude to all those present. Let us make a small contribution to the development of the Chinese art market. Thank you all. Moderator: Thank you Director Xu for his professional image, which makes us look forward to the future of the Art Village! With the people of the town, there is a beautiful space; with a beautiful space, there is a palace of art. What kind of charm does the town of Bordeaux have to allow the "International Artists in Residence Exchange Program" to settle down? Next, we are honored to invite the founder of the town, Lu Shunyao, general manager of Hengsheng Real Estate Beijing Hetian Hexin Real Estate Development Co., Ltd., to come to the stage to reveal the secret. Lu Shunyao: Dear old and new friends: Good morning, everyone! The picture shows Lu Shunyao, general manager of Hengsheng Real Estate Beijing Hetian Hexin Real Estate Development Co., Ltd., standing here again today to communicate with everyone here, feeling that the pressure is constantly being released. Because after our efforts in the previous stage, the beautiful dreams of Bordeaux towns are advancing step by step as planned. Today, our Sovia International Art Village "International Artist Residency Exchange Program" is about to start. This is another landmark event in our Bordeaux town, which will have a profound impact on the development of the town. By the way, it's time for me to answer the host's question. When it comes to why the "International Artists in Residence Exchange Program" settled in the town of Bordeaux, we have to start with the overall concept of our town of Bordeaux: the town of Bordeaux, because of the 10,000 acres cultivated. The vineyard was born and sublimated from the vineyard. The grapes reminded Bordeaux of France, and the Bordeaux town of Beijing was born from the French Bordeaux. From the planning concept of European towns, French architectural elements to artistic gardens Landscapes, from private vineyards, wine estates, golf theme parks to cultural and art blocks, all reflect the connotation and temperament of Bordeaux, France, which loves life and advocates art. It is the unique natural environment here and the carefully cultivated artistic atmosphere. The human landscape touched the hearts of artists, I think it is hard to find the same place. What is more important is not that, but that we, Hengsheng Real Estate, are committed to "building the ultimate life", and raising the residential construction to the embodiment of the value of life. What we want to build is a veritable Bordeaux town, not a simple one. On the architectural landscape, but to cast the connotation. It is such a concept and investment that does not count on return, which makes the artist believe that this place is long-term and sustainable. Because engaging in art requires persistence and belief. We have invested a lot of money in the construction of small town art museums, artist studios, art training centers, and small town theaters. In order to start this international artist-in-village exchange program and support this program, we will not take a penny for the artists in residence, and we will support this program in the future. We will regularly publish albums, hold art exhibitions, do publicity, hold academic exchange activities, etc., so that art can truly enter life. The goal is to build an international art village with a certain influence in Beijing and even the world. Bordeaux, France, heard our voice, with only one purpose, to give everyone a veritable Bordeaux town. Speaking of which, some people may say that I am hyping the concept. In fact, I can tell you responsibly that I am doing her as a career, a second career besides real estate, "Let art come into life. "It has always been the common dream of insightful people inside and outside the art circle, but it is difficult to achieve, but the town of Bordeaux gave me this opportunity, I will not let it go easily, because she has many irreplaceable Advantage. Today, friends come together with the same dream and belief of "making art into life". I believe that as long as we work together, as long as we have the same dream and belief, we will definitely have the same art world . Finally, I wish the Sovia International Art Village "International Artist Residency Exchange Program" a complete success! thank you all! Moderator: Thank you Mr. Lu for his enthusiastic speech, which gave us full confidence in the future of the Art Village! With the life of art, there is the destination of the soul; with the destination of the soul, there is the splendor of life. So how can we make the "International Artist Residency Exchange Program" rooted in the town? Next, we invited Mr. Gong Jisui, a professor from the Central Academy of Fine Arts, with warm applause to share with you "Let Art Come into Life". The picture shows Mr. Gong Jisui, a professor at the Central Academy of Fine Arts: Distinguished guests, ladies and gentlemen, the event that just ended last night went against the trend and real estate prices fell. More than 10 years ago, when I held an exhibition in New York, it was only a Hundreds of thousands of price targets. The development of artists and industries, the development of a large number of urban economies, and the development of real estate, in the past ten or even twenty years, we have witnessed one of the most important signs of our national economic development. The development of the cultural industry has reached a new national strategy, which is an industry direction that the state strongly supports and pursues. More than ten years ago, painters began to balance the backwardness of the painting industry around Beijing, driving the development of Beijing painters, producing a large number of artists and producing a large number of positive effects. Because of their actual working conditions, they all choose to paint in the outer suburbs, where the working conditions are relatively relaxed and the economic pressure is relatively small. On the basis of this industrial scale, groups have gradually formed. With the development of the real estate industry in recent years, a large number of artists, such as 798 artists, have gradually become a trading center. At the same time, like any major industrial development, Beijing's real estate is very different from Shanghai, Guangzhou, and Shenzhen. After the CBD area has been fully operationalized in the Olympic planning, the next development direction is also along the process of urbanization. It will be suburbanization and villaization. Many residents will also choose suburban platforms. With the development, like our Bordeaux town, there will be more and more in the future. So from these two aspects, one is the development of the art industry and the other is the development of the real estate industry. Due to the changes in Beijing's urban planning, it has moved more and more to the suburbs, so that the two are both in time and location. There may be overlays. Vigorously promote public transportation, the distance between the two provinces is getting shorter and shorter, and the superposition of public transportation and the automobile industry is close at hand. The superposition of the three aspects makes the plan of resident artists in the town of Bordeaux a feasible and realistic plan. Then we know that today's well-known artists are yesterday's ordinary artists, and today's senior artists are yesterday's young artists. In today's national policy for the development of the cultural industry, I believe that there will be a new batch of artists coming out. Therefore, the planning of our artists may, with continuous support, ensure the sustainable development of the art industry, and at the same time become a base for screening and cultivating future artists, as well as a base for international exchanges, which will not only enrich the lives of our community residents Life can also drive many surrounding related industries and related services in terms of popularity, brand effect and software culture. In this way, a new model emerges. This way of art comes into life. Real estate developers come forward to support, provide free hotel-style services for artists, and encourage their creation. Internationally, this resource integration is also a new model. We are full of curiosity and confidence in this model and wish it a complete success, thank you all! i want to comment