Many papers of the academician-led research group were withdrawn by international journals due to fraud. Dr. Zhu Guoguang, 63, still remembers that when he read an academic paper in a top overseas medical journal that Chinese medicine and Western medicine have the same efficacy in the treatment of myocardial infarction disease, that An indescribable excitement. After a few months, he was surprised to find that most of the academic papers that looked extraordinary were fabricated, and the authors of the papers included Li Lianda, an academician of the Chinese Academy of Engineering, the dean of the School of Pharmacy of Zhejiang University, a famous Chinese medicine pharmacologist, and Zhejiang University. Wu Limao, director of the Pharmacology Laboratory of the School of Pharmacy, and the main members of the research group. Many papers have obvious traces of fraud. Around the end of October last year, Professor Zhu Guoguang, vice chairman of the European Federation of Chinese Medicine Associations living in the Netherlands, saw on the Internet that someone had exposed the fraudulent thesis of He Haibo, a postdoctoral fellow at Zhejiang University School of Traditional Chinese Medicine, and immediately collected information on the Internet. A series of academic papers related to He Haibo found that these papers published in top international academic journals have obvious traces of fraud. Let's first look at the "mystery" of this group of articles - in May 2008, the German "NSA Pharmacology" magazine published an article with Haibo He (He Haibo) as the first author "The effect of salvianolic acid B and Belpuli on small Comparison of Cardioprotective Effects of Chronic Myocardial Infarction in Mice", other authors include Limao Wu (Wu Limao), Lianda Li (Li Lianda), of which Wu Limao is the director of the Pharmacology Laboratory of Zhejiang University School of Pharmacy chaired by Li Lianda. According to the experimental process disclosed in the article, the research team performed thoracotomy on mice to artificially cause myocardial infarction in mice. Then, these mice were divided into several groups, respectively taking Chinese medicine Salvianolic acid B and Western medicine Benazepril for several weeks, and collecting pharmacological experimental data and pathological sections. The experimental results show that the pharmacological effects of salvianolic acid B and Belpuli on the treatment of myocardial infarction are the same. For the TCM community, the pharmacy theory revealed in this article is exciting, especially in Western countries, and it has greatly elevated the status of the much-maligned TCM. Unexpectedly, this article appeared because of the publication of another article, and there was a scene of "crossing the gang" - the Polish "Pharmacological Bulletin", Vol. Comparison of Cardioprotective Effects of Large-area Myocardial Infarction in Rats", the authors are: Hai-Bo He, Li-Mao Wu, Lian-Da Li, etc. The experimental process and purpose are the same as those reflected in the above article, the only difference is that the former is aimed at chronic myocardial infarction and the latter is aimed at acute myocardial infarction. However, two completely different experiments, the experimental data turned out to be highly consistent. "It is absolutely impossible to obtain the same data in two different experiments with different doses and times of medication to mice." Zhu Guoguang told the newspaper, "Either one experiment was performed, and one experiment was performed. One paper is an exact copy of the data of the other paper; either both are fake. At least one of them is fake." Professor Martin C. Michel, Editor-in-Chief of the NSA Pharmacology and " Professor Wladyslaw Lason, editor-in-chief of Pharmacology Bulletin, said in a written interview with this reporter, "Plagiarism and multiple submissions for one manuscript are very serious problems and should be dealt with seriously. The plagiarized articles published in the journal will be withdrawn." Further investigation, Zhu Guoguang also found that in March 2008, the Dutch journal "Ethnic Pharmacology" published an article jointly signed by Haibo He, Limao Wu, Lianda Li and other seven people "Salvianol" Cardioprotective effect of acid B on massive myocardial infarction in rats", which demonstrates the pharmacological effect of salvianolic acid B on myocardial infarction alone. But this paper is also fake, and its data are completely cloned from the above-mentioned two papers with He Haibo as the first author and published in NSA Pharmacology and Pharmacology Bulletin. Professor Rob Verpoorte, head of the Department of Biology at Leiden University in the Netherlands and editor-in-chief of the Journal of Ethnographic Pharmacology, wrote to this reporter that the paper had been withdrawn and negotiated with Zhejiang University. In addition, in March 2008, an article co-signed by Haibo He, Limao Wu, Lianda Li and other 7 people published in the British "Research on Materia Medica", the data used were also transplanted almost intact into the above three articles. The data. Materia Medica Research retracted the paper after discovering that it was false. Editor-in-Chief Professor Elizabeth told this reporter: "The author used data from other scientists, and the measure we took was to withdraw this article. We take this incident very seriously because it is a scientific fraud." (Source: 21st Century Economics) Report) Central China Normal University's master student was expelled for plagiarism Shanghai Jiaotong University said it had dealt with an associate professor suspected of plagiarism, a researcher from Guangdong Academy of Social Sciences sued a professor from South China University of Technology for plagiarism (Photo)