Blue Dragon Award prediction: The two powerful PK "Three Guys" is expected to win the 29th Korea Blue Dragon Award is about to be awarded. Although there are "Good Guys, Bad Guys, Weird Guys", "Chasers", "The Best Moments in My Life", "Jiang Zhezhong: Public Enemy 1-1", "Shenji Arrow", "7days" and many other popular movies The participation of the film, but the two hot films can stand out in this competition. "The Chaser" and "Good Guys, Bad Guys, Weird Guys", the two most popular of the two, will be the two most powerful factions in this year's Qinglong Awards. But Luo Hongzhen's strength is still a little worse than Jin Zhiyun's. Therefore, the one who really has the last laugh is believed to be the experienced Jin Zhiyun. One of the final predictions: Best Picture nominees: "7days" "The Best Moment of My Life" "Goodfellas, Bad Guys, Weird Guys" "Chasers" "Crossover" Predicted Winner: "Good Guys, Bad Guys, Weird Guys" Prediction Analysis: "Crossing" continues to play the card of inter-Korean relations. Previous big-budget films such as "Flying the Tai Chi Flag" can win by playing this card, but since "Typhoon", this card has become a bit of aesthetic fatigue. . The audience's attention is still there, but it's not as influential as it used to be. Moreover, from "First Kiss", "Volcano High School" to "The Temptation of a Wolf" and "A Millionaire's First Love", Kim Tae-kyun's best-known films are still youth themes, and the thickness of the "Crossing" film itself is also a problem. "7 Days" is entertaining enough, but not artistic and influential enough. After "The Most Wonderful Moment in My Life" was adapted from real events and sports inspirational themes, the film itself did not have much competitiveness. Well, the only ones left with enough influence are Good Guys, Bad Guys and Weird Guys and Chasers. "The Chaser" has already won the Big Bell Award once, and its popularity is declining. The film that has the most say is naturally "Good Guys, Bad Guys, Weird Guys". If nothing else, this award will be easily won by Jin Zhiyun. Final Prediction No. 2: Best Director Nominees: Kim Yoo-jin, "God Machine Arrow" Kim Ji-woon, "Good Guys, Bad Guys and Strange Guys" Kim Tae-kyun's "Crossing" Won Shin-yeon "7days" Lim Soon-ri "The Best Moments in My Life" Prediction Winner: Kim Ji-woon, "Good Guys, Bad Guys, Weird Guys" Predictive Analysis: As mentioned in the analysis of the best films above, Kim Tae-kyun's "Crossing" is not thick enough, and "The Best Moment in My Life" is just a sports inspirational film an outbreak. "7days" has more entertainment than art. And "God Machine Arrow" has a large lineup and a large investment in the production, but it has a picture of flowers. From all perspectives, "Shen Ji Jian" is much worse than "Good Guys, Bad Guys, Weird Guys". At the box office, the former has 3.35 million person-times and the latter is 6.68 million person-times; in word of mouth, the latter also wins to the former. In addition, "Good Guys, Bad Guys, Weird Guys" also has a lot more movie elements than "God Machine Arrow". So the best director award, the best chance of winning is "Good Guys, Bad Guys, Weird Guys". Final Prediction No. 3: Best Actor Nominations: Kim Yoon Suk "The Chaser" Kim Joo Hyuk "The Wife Is Married" Xue Jinggu "Kang Cheol Jung: Public Enemy 1-1" Song Kang Ho "Good Guys, Bad Guys, Weird Guys" Lee Byung-hun, "Good Guys, Bad Guys, Weird Guys" Guy" Ha Jung-woo, "The Chaser" Predicted winner: Song Kang-ho, "Good Guys, Bad Guys, Weird Guys" The competition for this award is also a battle between "Chasers" and "Good Guys, Bad Guys, Weird Guys". Kim Joo Hyuk's "Wife Got Married" is a comedy film anyway, and Kim Joo Hyuk was given a discount in terms of genre. Although Xue Jingqiu also had an excellent performance in "Jiang Zhezhong: Public Enemy 1-1", the role of the stupid uncle has been familiar to the audience a long time ago, and there is nothing new at all. Although Ha Jung Woo's killer character in "The Chaser" is very good, he still looks a little weak, not as good as Kim Yoon Suk. Then, the remaining opportunities are left to Kim Yoon Suk, Song Kang Ho, and Lee Byung Hun. Among the three, Song Kanghao has the oldest reputation and qualifications, and the most mature acting skills. In addition, Song Kanghao played the role of "weird guy" in "Good Guys, Bad Guys, Weird Guys", and the room for acting skills is also the largest. Therefore, he has the best chance of winning this award. Final Prediction No. 4: Best Actress Nominees: Gong Hyo-jin "Miss Carrot" Kim Yoon-jin "7days" Moon So-ri "The Best Moment in My Life" Son Ye-jin "My Wife Got Married" Soo Ae "You Are Far Away" Predicted winner: Gong Hyo-jin The competition for best actress in "Miss Carrot" is fierce, and several actresses are in the same league. Although Xiu Ae in "You Are Far Away" has weaker qualifications, the change from a peasant woman to a singer in the film and her growth in acting skills are obvious to all. The rest of the cameras, like Son Ye-jin, Moon So-ri, and Kim Yun-jin, have performed well in their respective films. But if it is compared with Kong Xiaozhen's ugly and strange role in "Miss Carrot", the latter four are slightly inferior. Gong Hyo-jin's self-destructive image, first of all, can play an emotional sympathy card, and also, the performance space of this ugly character is huge, which is unmatched by other characters. For example, Moon So-ri is the protagonist in the group drama in "The Most Wonderful Moment in My Life", and Kong Ye-jin's comedy image in "The Wife Got Married" focuses more on entertainment, and does not fully utilize her "Queen of Literary Films" advantages. Kim Yoon-jin's performance in "7days" is excellent, and there are strong traces of reliable plot-driven characters. In contrast, Kong Xiaozhen is the best actress to wear this crown.