Prizbila resumes training inside the bench gangster to return at the end of this month at the latest Sina Sports News reporter Zhou Chao reported that Prizbila will be able to return to the game in up to 23 days. According to local media in Portland, since the end of October, Prizbila has been training with the team with the ball and is recovering well from the injury. The latest news is that the team doctor said that Prizbila will be able to play at home against the Hornets at the latest on November 26, local time. In fact, before the start of the game, the team doctor had said that he would only miss two games at most. Four days ago, the team doctor changed his mouth to say that he would return to the Lakers after a battle with the Lakers on November 7, local time. In this regard, Prizbila said that he could not sit still for a long time. He said that if he came back now, he could play at least 10 to 12 minutes. "But I will follow the advice of the team doctor," Prizbila said helplessly. Prizbila is over 2.10 meters tall. He joined the Blazers in 2004. In the past three seasons, he has averaged at least 8 rebounds per game. To a large extent share the team's internal offensive and defensive pressure. But in the battle with the Mavericks on December 22, 2009, he sprained his right ankle and was helped off the court by his teammates. Later, he was diagnosed with a torn ligament and was reimbursed for the season. The Blazers lacked major generals on the inside last season and had to bring in Uncle Huo to fight the fire, largely due to Prizbila's injury. "We need him, and we also know that he wants to return to the game as soon as possible," Roy said. Once Prizbila returns, he can share Camby's pressure. "The team's tactics will be more flexible." "I'm looking forward to that. A home game," Prizbila said, if he really had to wait until the Hornets at home on the 26th to return, he would be patient. In addition to Prizbila, Greg Oden also trained five-on-five with the team. He said his knees still felt stiff, so they had to be iced. "I walked into the court and I looked around and saw everyone running and I actually felt better than I did," Oden said. According to the team doctor, according to the current situation analysis, Oden will probably not be able to return to the game until the end of November or the beginning of December. However, this is still the most optimistic scenario, and everything still depends on Oden's recovery. "His injury is still optimistic," Buck Williams, who has been an assistant coach for the Blazers for six years, said the team is very concerned about Oden and Prizbila's injuries. "A team only has one Center (Camby), it's not good news."