This week is the first week after the PCGA Online Challenge was changed to a weekly double competition, attracting players from all walks of life to participate. In Solo, RyH_dArKen from Shanghai, who is known as the first amateur undead player in Shanghai, won the championship after defeating two human masters, RyH_Lengmo and Linyu.Sakray, and won the opportunity to challenge the world ghost king WE.Pepsi.TeD. In the battle with TeD, although dArKen showed good micro-operations, he was still far behind the professional players in terms of overall situation and on-the-spot response. In the end, he lost to TeD 0:2. TeD also praised dArKen after the game. add. WE.Pepsi.TeD: Today's PCGA champion RyH_dArKen heard Hunter say that he is no.1UD in the amateur world. Let's evaluate this player after playing with him today. I think dk did a good job of harassing in the early stage on TM, and he handled the little details of the spider very well. When the opponent retreated, he tried his best to shoot a volley to make the opponent consume more C. What I think is a little lacking is the situation. It's not very good to grasp the other party's thinking and guess. I set up a small trap to let him be fooled. I did it based on some of my accumulated experience, and DK has obviously never encountered such a radical approach. In order to kill I DK died 2 zz, but still didn't kill him in the end, since then his disadvantage has been quite big. In the second set of AI, I used the DK dog to catch him. If the AI map knows that the opponent is a spider to start the game, use the DK dog to force the opponent's house in the early stage. If the spider is not aimed at defense, it is difficult to block. The overall evaluation of the player dk is that the operation is very good, what is lacking is some actual combat experience (when fighting against professional players), and there is a grasp of the overall situation. The PCGA platform can help us find more potential teammates, and it can also make Chinese e-sports develop well. PCGA competitions can give many amateur players a better opportunity to show themselves. In terms of DotA, this competition attracted the reconstituted Cant team to participate, but in the final final, they unexpectedly lost to a mysterious passerby team and only won the runner-up. Immediately after the game, our reporter interviewed the captain of the mysterious passers-by. Interview address: http://www.tatazu.com/n/?action-viewnews-itemid-2941 This week, the PCGA Online Challenge will continue to be played twice a week. E-sports enthusiasts are welcome to sign up for the competition. Relevant registration information: Competition Project: Warcraft Solo/Warcraft DotA Competition version: 1.23 DotA map version: 6.59c Registration period: From now until 12:00 noon on May 16th Check-in time: From 12:00 noon on May 16th to 12:00 noon on May 17th Competition time: From 1:00 pm on May 17th Competition Room: PCGA Battle Platform-(Warcraft/DotA)-PCGA Organizing Committee-Pepsi Points Competition Room 1 Competition-specific group: Solo group 85228536; DotA group 56022166 In addition, Solo competition The champion still has the opportunity to challenge the professional players of the WE team. If you choose different blood levels, you will get different prizes if you succeed in the challenge. Easy difficulty: 60% health WE player signed T-Shirt Medium difficulty: 80% health WE player signed H3 mouse pad Difficulty: 100 %HP Razer Sidewinder 3G Mouse