Exclusive connection to "Dang Kou" director Yu Liwei - multinational production has benefited a lot Sina Entertainment News On the morning of July 29, local time, the Venice Film Festival held a press conference in Rome to announce the main competition unit film list. The Hong Kong-produced film "Dang Kou", co-starred by the Xihe Xinghui Company founded by Jia Zhangke in Hong Kong, directed by Hong Kong director Yu Liwei, starring Japanese star Oda Kirito, Hong Kong acting star Huang Qiusheng and mainland actress Huang Yi, represented a Hong Kong film finalist. "Dang Kou" became the only Chinese-language film in the shortlist. No film from mainland China was selected, which made the public deeply regret. At the same time, they also hoped that Hong Kong director Yu Liwei could continue the myth of Chinese-language films that captured the golden lion four times. "Dang Kou" is also the film of Xihe Xinghui this year, which has been shortlisted for the top international film festival again after "The Tale of Twenty-Four Cities". "Dang Kou" is the third feature film directed by Yu Liwei. The film is set in a traditional oriental neighborhood in the urban area of Sao Paulo, Brazil, and tells the story of the grievances and grievances between the young and impulsive playboy Qilin and his father, a legendary Chinese fugitive, No Liang. In the film, the grievance father and son are played by Hong Kong actor Huang Qiusheng and Japanese red star Oda Kirito, and Chinese actress Huang Yi plays the passionate and unrestrained nightclub owner in the film. Yu Liwei, born in Hong Kong in 1966, graduated from the Belgian National Film Academy in 1994, majoring in Cinematography. In 1996, he returned to Hong Kong and formed Hutong Production Company with Jia Zhangke to develop film production in China and Hong Kong. In the same year, he received funding from the Belgian Film Bureau and the Hong Kong Arts Development Council to film the short film "Beautiful Soul", which won film awards in Hong Kong and overseas. . In 1998, Guan Jinpeng was the producer and invited Leung Ka Fai as the leading actor. He directed his first feature film "Heaven and Earth", which entered the competition part of the following year's Cannes Film Festival. As the most internationally recognized top Chinese photographer after Du Kefeng, he has served as the director of photography for all Jia Zhangke's films since "Xiao Wu". His photographic works also include Xu Anhua's Thousand Words, Aunt's Postmodern Life and Wong Kar Wai's In the Mood for Love. Sina Entertainment: Congratulations to "Dang Kou" being the only Chinese-language film to be shortlisted for the Venice Main Competition. "Dang Kou" tells the story of Brazilian immigrants and Brazilian gangsters. This is different from your previous two films in terms of genre and specifications. Why did you make such a choice? Yu Liwei: Although "Dang Kou" is much larger in scale than my previous films, in fact the theme is still similar to my previous films. They all express the feeling of a person walking around. The hero of "Dang Kou" is a Chinese immigrant who grew up in Brazil. Although he is a gang member, he is still lonely. They are not as rooted as Asian gangsters, they are a brand new group in Brazil, and the state they show is interesting. Sina Entertainment: Your first feature film, "Heaven on Earth", also describes immigrants, and the main group is the new immigrants from the SAR to Hong Kong. This time, it tells about a group of Asian-Brazilian immigrants. Why do you have a soft spot for immigrants? Yu Liwei: This is related to my own background, I was born in Hong Kong. A hundred years ago, Hong Kong had a very small population density, but now it has developed into an international metropolis with a population of six to seven million. The first three generations of Hong Kong people were basically immigrants, and the fragile status of immigrants, as well as the regional instability, made me particularly concerned about people walking around. Sina Entertainment: I heard that the reason why "Dang Kou" chose to shoot in Brazil is because when you went to Brazil to do the post-production of other films, you fell in love with the colors of Brazil. Can you share with us why you wanted to make such a gangster movie in Brazil? Yu Liwei: Actually, when I wanted to make this movie, I didn't think about gangs or gangs. I think Sao Paulo, Brazil is very similar to Hong Kong, a very chaotic and vibrant city. I was in Brazil at the time, and I came across a very sensational incident, a market for fake goods, because of its connection with the government, the government immediately took it away. From this incident, it can be seen that the gangs in Brazil are very weak, and the government has the power to kill them. I think this phenomenon is very interesting. I like to dig into the psychological state of the people behind these events, he is quite unique.