Experience of studying abroad: Four major differences in life and culture between China and the UK. Although I have lived in the UK for half a year, I cannot integrate into it quickly. There are always some differences in culture or living habits, which cause some small embarrassment and small misunderstandings. Food, clothing, housing, and transportation are the most important things to consider every day. Let’s talk about the small differences in diet that I have encountered. Vegetarian & vegan On New Year's Eve, although there is no Chinese New Year party and firecrackers, some of us Chinese and two locals prepared a sumptuous hot pot. I bought a lot of meatballs, beef, mutton, crab sticks and other materials, and everyone ate it while talking, and people were happy and their stomachs were happy. When we were talking about which meat is more delicious, Anna suddenly said, "I am a vegetarian." The Chinese people we were present were dumbfounded, and it was no wonder that she chose only the dishes, and later we didn't dare to fry each other again. Meat material. There are many Vegetarians on this side of the UK who just don't eat any meat, and some Vegans are strict vegetarians who don't eat eggs or any dairy products except meat. It's a personal freedom to choose to eat meat and vegetarian food, but I don't want to be a vegetarian every day, how much deliciousness will be lost. The bar culture is more restaurants in China, and more bars in the UK. Drinking is a kind of British culture, and many British people like to party and chat in bars. I asked a local student why they like to go to the bar. He said that he likes the atmosphere inside. After a few drinks, he can forget his worries and enjoy the feeling, but I think it is not good for them to drink too much. Last month, I found that there was a traffic cone in the living room of our flat, so I asked Sophie why there was such a thing. She said that many students rented this kind of thing. They go to the bar to play and some people drink it. More, when I came back, I brought a "souvenir" with me by the way. I remember that when I was shooting a night scene with two girls at night, I met a strong man who was fluttering on the street. He insisted on taking a photo with us, which scared us that we would never want to come out at night. Differences in Eating Habits When I was eating in the cafeteria at noon, I met the only Chinese teacher in our college, and he told an interesting story. Some of our international students returned to China for Christmas and bought some lo-mei for the British teachers here to taste. They are all vacuum-packed duck tongues, duck necks, and duck treasures, which have a unique taste and are easy to eat. British people don't think this kind of food is so delicious. They think that duck tongue and these things are very low-level food, and they will not eat these things. Since that teacher received this special gift, he has called on all teachers who have the courage to taste it. Someone took three of them at once, and everyone looked at him with astonishment. This incident made the Chinese teacher present very embarrassed, and explained to them for a long time, saying that it is a special product that Chinese people like to eat. However, no amount of talking can change the eating habits of these British people for many years, so it is better not to give these kinds of things, so as to save a good heart and make a joke. Since we choose to study in the UK, we have actually chosen a way of life. Facing exotic customs, we don’t have to do as the locals do. We learn and understand, and experience the multiculturalism of the UK. Be careful when you first arrive in the UK. The UK can be called a gentleman's country, and most people are polite and friendly. But when I first arrived in the UK, language communication was not very smooth, and many things seemed unfamiliar. Two months before I came to the UK, I also suffered a lot of losses. I wrote about my experience to let everyone pay more attention. 3 for 2 When visiting supermarkets in the UK, you can often see promotions such as buy 1 get 1 free, 3 for ￡2, 3 for 2, etc., but be sure to see which one is three two pounds (3 for ￡2) and which one It's buy two get one free (3 for 2), and the difference of a pound sign doesn't just make a difference of a few pounds. I remember visiting the small bookstore next to Shakespeare's former residence. There were several booklets of famous sayings. There was no price on the booklet, but the sign on it said 3 for 2. It hurts. But in hindsight, thinking that the price was a multiple of three, I still paid the price of an extra book. Afterwards, I learned that some sellers saw that their customers were not locals, and they looked like students, so they had to be slaughtered. But if this happens again now, I can take the receipt slip and ask for a refund. Spending and getting money UK coins are available in a number of 1p, 2p, 5p, 10p, 20p, 50p, £1 and £2. Carrying a pile of steel? Make sure to check if you have given extra money when you buy things. If you are in a small shop next to the street, you are likely to swallow the extra change you gave. I often go to OPEN MARKET to buy vegetables and fruits. Some sellers are also looking for a handful of change. At first, I always take the money and put it in my pocket. When I get home to settle the account, I always find that it is 20p or 50p less, so when others are looking for money , must be more careful. The unrealistic sale of SALE Although the price of items in the UK will not inflate very much, don't always think that you can buy a good and cheap thing when you see the words HALF SALE, because some stores have discounts all year round. So don't rush shopping when you come to the UK, it's not too late to start after window shopping. In addition, for international students, remember to bring a student ID card or NUS card when shopping (you can apply for it in the student union, and you only need to pay 10 pounds a year, providing shopping discounts in many places). Some merchants offer student discounts. You may save a fee by asking "Do you have student discount?" when paying. We have paid high tuition fees to the UK, and it is not easy for parents to earn money, so be careful in life and don’t spend money where it shouldn’t be.