Bao Ge’s fire line solution: Ladbrokes William raises the odds Liverpool to prevent a draw 1, Liverpool VS Middler Recommendation: 31 Liverpool will play the third round of the Champions League qualifying round next week, because they were drawn away in the first round , the second round may be affected by Benitez's formation. Judging from the market, the initial market of Aocai is Qiuban, and the official bet is currently one ball/qiuban. When the market opened like this before, the Premier League home team has a high probability of winning. Judging from the changes in the odds, companies such as bet365 and Paddypower have raised the main winning claim early when adjusting the odds, while lowering the draw or guest win, so they are not very confident in Liverpool's winning. William Hill and Ladbrokes have raised their payout ratios early, but the adjusted odds combinations are not very regular. When studying historical odds, the odds at 0.89 are still good. Under the same odds before William's adjustment, the Premier League home team has 11 wins and 5 draws; under the same odds before Ladbrokes' adjustment, the Premier League home team has 13 wins and 8 draws, and the probability of a draw is not low. Football Lottery temporarily go 31. 2. Black VS Hull City Recommendation: 31 In the first round, both teams won the game, but Black faced the newly-promoted horse, half a set, and the last set will still be the betting favorite, so beware of the heat. From the point of view of the market, the initial market and the betting market of Aocai are the main handicap and half one. When the market opened like this last season, the home team of the Premier League won 11 and drew 5, and there were many draws. Judging from the changes in odds, most companies that adjust the odds lower the main winning odds to control the risk of Blake winning the game; under similar odds adjusted by bet365, the last game was a 1-1 draw against Villa. del. Before William Hill raised the odds, under the same odds, the Premier League home team had 5 wins, 3 draws and 1 loss; when they raised the odds, all three odds were raised. Under similar odds, the Premier League home team had 6 wins and 5 draws. It seems that Football Lottery is better to prevent a draw. 3. Newcastle VS Bolton Recommendation: 03 From the perspective of the confrontation, Newcastle has 6 wins, 2 draws and 1 loss against Bolton at home. need to be careful. From the point of view of the market, the initial market and the betting market of Ao Cai are the main handicap hemisphere. When the last 6 Premier League games opened like this, the Premier League home team won 3 wins and 3 losses. Last weekend, Everton 2-3 Black was this way of trading. Judging from the odds, bet365, SNAI, etc. have raised the main win pay early, and lowered the guest win pay, and they are also cheering for the visiting team to win. Before William Hill raised the odds, under the same odds, the Premier League home team had 10 wins, 1 draw and 3 losses. When the odds were raised, all three odds were raised. Under the same odds after adjustment, the Premier League home team had 7 wins and 2 draws. 2 negative. The football lottery first choice is 0, and the second choice is 3. 4. West Brom VS Everton recommendation: 30 Everton is a bit stronger than their opponents, and Ao Cai also gave a tie for the first time, but when the bet was officially accepted, Ao Cai only opened a tie In this handicap, the possibility of West Brom winning cannot be easily ruled out. Judging from the odds, under the combination of two, three and two, the customer win pay is slightly lower, but the change in the odds shows a polarized attitude. Skybet, Nike and other companies have reduced the main win early, while bwin has lowered the guest win. When William Hill increased the odds, it raised the three odds again. The probability of the first three results of the increase in the odds was close, but last season in the Premier League with 4 wins, 1 draw and 3 losses, it has already shown an attitude of despising the draw; After raising the odds ratio, the level of compensation has increased by as much as 0.20. Under the same odds, the Premier League home team has 1 win and 1 loss, which echoes the point of view just now. Football Lottery go both ways as well. 5. Tottenham VS Sunderland recommendation: 3 In the last 7 matches against each other, Tottenham have all defeated their opponents at home, and the psychological advantage is very obvious. From the point of view of the market, the initial market and the betting market of Aocai are the main handicap. When the market opened like this last season, the Premier League home team won 5 wins, 1 draw and 1 loss, and the probability of winning is very high. From the perspective of the odds, the main win is around 1.50, but from the change of the odds, Weide, bet365, Interwetten, etc. have raised the main win early. Tottenham has not formed a big favorite for betting, which is beneficial to the Heat. Thorn to win the ball. William Hill's main win pays 1.44, which is lower than the average of 99 companies. Under the same odds before the increase, the Premier League home team has 11 wins, 2 draws and 1 loss. After the increase, the Premier League home team has won all 4 games. Adjustment, the bookmaker's view on Tottenham's win remains unchanged.