One more second may be able to save the defeat. With him in the Rockets, there is hope. Sina Sports News In the last 14 seconds of overtime, the Rockets trailed the Spurs by 3 points, but they still held the last offensive opportunity. Shane Battier's shot from beyond the 3-point line went a little too far, Ismir Smith grabbed the rebound and passed to Courtney Lee, and Xiao Li's shot from beyond the 3-point line went a little too far. There were only 3 seconds left, and Scola rushed to the basket from the bottom corner of the left wing and took off the offensive rebound. With 2 seconds left, Scola turned and retreated to the 3-point line. , 1 second left, Scola shot! The Spurs all watched the ball fly over their heads, but eventually, the ball hit the rim, missed a little, hit the edge of the rim and flew out. With the sound of the final whistle, all the Spurs players breathed a sigh of relief. This game was not easy to win. And Scola, almost can rewrite the results of the game. Maybe give him one more second, maybe give the Rockets one more overtime, and the first win of the new season will come. In the fourth quarter and even overtime of the Rockets' big counteroffensive, we saw a more mature, more stable, and more frightening opponent Scola. His composure at the last moment pushed the Spurs to a dead end. Without Yao Ming and Brooks injured in the second half and unable to play, Martin was also injured and did not play in the fourth quarter. Scola, who contributed 20 points, scored 8 points in the fourth quarter, especially in the last 3 minutes, he and Iss The efficiency of the cooperation between Mill-Smith, the continuous capture of the Spurs' basket, helped the Rockets enter overtime. The most memorable moment came when the Rockets trailed by one point with 1:19 left in overtime. Hayes' mid-range shot missed the hoop. At that time, the Spurs had already surrounded the inside line. Just looking at the crowd, Scola jumped out of the air, took the rebound off the top of everyone's heads, and then tapped again. Take off from the ground, stunned to put the basketball back into the basket! The Rockets had a one-point lead with 22 seconds left in overtime. Although the final result failed to make rocket fans happy, we also deeply regret for Scola. If that goal was scored, he would be the hero of the day. Maybe give Scolado another second, he is not good at shooting three-pointers, he can more accurately aim at the basket and make the final blow, he can help the team rewrite the record of the new season. But there is no possibility in reality, the Rockets have to continue to fight for the first victory. With Yao Ming restricted and Martin and Brooks' injuries unclear, Scola is the real treasure of the Rockets. With him, the Rockets have the hope of winning. (gorilla)