European compensation analysis: The giants refused the unpopular derby at home to keep Liverpool undefeated Everton VS Liverpool Recommendation: 10 The two teams have rarely faced a draw at home in recent years. Bet365 tells players that the possibility of winning this game is still very high. SSP3.60 3.00 2.00 means that the visiting team is undefeated; Expekt wins and pays 3.65, the risk is too high, and Skybet raises the winning pay to 3.60. Villa VS Sunderland recommendation: 31 Villa win streak away games, and Sunderland has also been able to rebound. bwin and Eurobet used this as a lure, but the customer win was highly negative at Bet365, SSP was the main winner with low pressure, but the high level of defense obtained by Asian companies such as Jinbao and Lee Kee was still worth supplementary defense. Fulham VS West Ham Recommendation: 30 Fulham's 7-year unbeaten record against West Ham makes players doubtful. Bet24's high opening win is 2.62 and the loss is the same. It is affirmed that the home team does not win, and the profit of the loss is insufficient, so the draw bet will become a hot spot. However, for example, SSP and Bet365 have a clear attitude to fortify the main victory. Asian companies have lowered their main victory, and the 3 is the first choice. Manchester United VS Bolton recommendation: 3 Bet365 lowers the guest win, but the difference with Coral is too large, such a lucrative 5.50 level loss focuses on dispersing the pressure on the main win. Expekt lost 17.00 completely deviated from the track, combined with the 5.65 flat compensation, the intention to prevent the main victory is obvious. Middle VS West Brom recommends: 3 Middle has lost two straight away games, and it is difficult to give players confidence to return to the home court. Bet365 and bwin have opened high losses to give players enough room for unpopularity. Bet24's losses of 7.00 completely deny the possibility of customer wins. At present, the main wins in Europe have been concentrated in the range of 1.65-1.72. Most of the flat losses of small European companies have not been lowered, Bo 3. Newcastle VS Black recommendation: 31 The extent of Newcastle's recent situation is obvious to all. The average odds are 2.37 3.19 2.82. The European loss has not completely lost confidence in Newcastle, and the SSP and STS' heavy defense and main victory are revealed. Lee Kee, Jinbao Bo and Xinqiu have a single loss to 2.80. The lure point is not enough, and the possibility of looking down on the visiting team is higher on the right road. Double-choice 31. Stoke VS Chelsea recommendation: 01 The visiting team is doing well recently, and the newly-promoted home team is not popular. Bet365 7.00 4.20 1.40, in addition to defending customer wins, lowering the main win and attracting cold can focus on dispersing bets. Coral's strong defense against customer wins is very obvious, and bwin's initial odds are difficult to be tempted. In order to maintain profits, but William Hill still needs to pay attention to the cold level after opening a low of 3.75. Arsenal VS Hull City Recommendation: 3 Arsenal have won three straight, but Hull City has also played well in the past two rounds. The average win loss of 1.21 is already a high degree of prevention and the main win, Coral's flat loss has reached 6.00, and Expekt's loss of 17.00 is even in a dangerous area, and the unpopular may be excluded. At the same time, the mainstream companies' wins and losses have not exceeded the 1.20 thunder pool, and there is no sign of cold in this game. Hannover VS Bayern recommendation: 01 The two teams also have ups and downs, but as the Bundesliga hegemon, Bayern is undoubtedly more popular. In the early stage of SSP, sufficient precautions were put in place, and the 5.50 win was a clear indication of Hannover's invincibility. Mansion88 even raised the main victory to a high of 5.80, ruling out the main victory. A number of Asian companies have high defense draws, and at the same time, they have also been supported by Yisheng Bo and Bo Tianbo, which are both 3.40 and 3.40. Double-choose 01. Hamburg VS Borussia: 30 SSP and bwin have lowered their winnings to reduce risks. STS seems to have no fear of winning, but the flat losses have been significantly separated from Coral and SSP. Bet365 lowers the flat loss, the main win is very profitable, and the guest win is the most likely to become a blind spot. Hertha VS Kotb recommendation: 103 Hertha, who has won two consecutive games, has a natural advantage in the face of Kotb, who only scored one goal after five rounds. The average odds are 1.58 3.58 5.53, and the undefeated visiting team is not completely denied. bwin even lowers guest wins and raises home wins, and the 1.60 win payout gives players too high home win profits. European mainstream and Asian companies have a flat compensation of around 3.50. SSP has not discarded the main win, and all-inclusive is appropriate. Bochum VS Lever recommendation: 01 SSP out of 2.05 away odds has revealed the advantage of the visiting team, Crown, Mansion88 step by step to lower the loss. Under the unbeaten two rounds in Bochum, the overall winnings and losses have risen, and the current winnings and losses are also extremely scattered. The Bundesliga local company Wetten is as high as 3.45 wins and losses, which also clarifies the home team's invincible attitude. Dortmund VS Stuttgart recommendation: 30 Stuttgart has performed better than Dortmund in recent times, but under the disadvantage of historical battles, it is normal for the European losses to be slightly higher to see the main victory. However, Bet365's 2.38 winning bid is not optimistic for the home team. At the same time, bwin raised the winning bid and lowered the negative bid, and it became clear that Stuttgart was unbeaten. In addition, Bet365 and SSP still have reservations about customer wins. Oddscompany even lost as high as 3.45, going both ways. Bremen VS Hoffenhai recommendation: 3 Hoffenhai ranks second. Since then, Mansion88's high-profile loss of 7.90 will bear huge risks, and its ignoring of customer wins has also been approved by Bet365. Bo Tian 1.50 3.60 6.25 The surface is heavy and cold, but there is no mainstream response to it. Although bwin’s compensation has been lowered, it still stands high, and the main victory is the only result.