Baoge Odds Interpretation: bet365 lifts the main win early in the Liverpool Derby Unbeaten 1, Everton VS Liverpool Recommendation: 10 The odds are mostly three-three-two combinations, and the main win is the highest value. Skybet and other early drop away wins to control the risk of Liverpool winning the payout. Under William's same odds, the Premier League battle was a draw. Bet365's main win has increased significantly. Under the same odds, the Premier League visiting team has 1 win and 1 draw. Football Lottery temporarily go 10. 2. Villa VS Sunderland recommendation: 31 Aocai's initial market is half/one, and the bet is placed on the spot with one goal. Under the historical opening, the Premier League home team has 10 wins, 7 draws and 1 loss, and there are many draws. Under the same odds as William, Black was tied 1-1 at home by Hull City this season. Football Lottery does not lose 1. 3. Fulham VS West Ham recommendation: 30 Aocai is the main handicap/half in the initial market, and the handicap is maintained on the spot. At the opening of history, the Premier League home team has 44 wins, 15 draws and 25 losses, with a high probability of winning or losing. Under William's same odds, in the past two seasons, the Premier League home team has 2 wins, 1 draw and 2 losses. Soccer goes both ways. 4. Manchester United VS Bolton Recommendation: 3 William gave a combination of 1.20 5.00 11.00. Under the same odds, Liverpool was tied by Stoke last weekend, but the total record in the Premier League is 18 wins and 4 draws; in past encounters, Manchester United has a very strong Obvious advantage, this game refused to be unpopular. 5. Middle VS West Brom recommendation: 13 bet365 raises the main winning compensation early, the highest is 1.80 at present, and the flat compensation is reduced from 3.50 to 3.40. It is believed that Middle is likely to be tied at home. Under William's same odds, the Premier League home team has 6 wins, 5 draws and 2 losses, and is also cheering for the draw. 6. Newcastle VS Black recommendation: 30 Under the same odds of William Hill, the home team scored 3 points in both Premier League games. Skybet's flat odds rose to a higher 3.40, basically ruling out the possibility of a draw. Under the combination of two, three and two, some companies drop the customer's winnings and losses early, and it is better to go 30 in the football lottery. 7. Stoke VS Chelsea recommendation: 0 handicap/goal and a half in the initial set, Chelsea once beat Wigan 1-0 away, and this time it opened like this, it must be full of confidence in Chelsea. bwin, Centrebet, etc. all lowered their losses early to control Chelsea's risk of winning. 8. Arsenal VS Hull City recommendation: 31 William Hill's main win is basically the lowest at 1.17. They believe that the Gunners will bring Hull City back to its original shape. However, under the same odds adjusted by bet365, Arsenal were drawn at home by Birmingham last season. At the opening of Qiuban/Two-goal history, there have been many draws in the Premier League. If the football lottery is 1, it will be a big cold. 9. Hannover VS Bayern recommendation: 03 Aocai first handicap half/one for the guest, and maintain the handicap on the spot. At the opening of history, the Bundesliga home team has 4 wins and 2 losses, and the chance of a big upset is very high. Under the same odds of Oddset, Bayern has 2 wins, 2 draws and 3 losses away from home, and there is no advantage. Football is cold. 10. Hamburg VS Borussia : 3 Oddset main win is 1.40. Under the same odds, in 4 Bundesliga games in 2008, the home team scored 3 points. The same odds of bwin appear only once in the Bundesliga, Hamburg 2-1 Karls. This time it opened like this, and I am confident that Hamburg will win. 11. Hertha VS Cotebu recommendation: 31 Facing the poor record of Cotebu, Aocai only gave Hertha a half/one initial set, which was obviously shallow and lacked confidence in it. Even with a one-ball bet, the Bundesliga home team has 11 wins, 4 draws and 2 losses at the opening of history, and it is possible that they will be tied. 12. Bochum VS Lever recommendation: 0 Bochum is playing at home, and the confrontation is not at a disadvantage, but the bookmaker still offers more odds combinations of 3, 3, 2. At present, the bwin and guest wins are constantly being reduced, with a decrease of more than 0.20 to control Payout risk for LeVert. Soccer betting 0. 13. Dortmund VS Stuttgart recommendation: 10 bwin main winning odds increased from 2.00 to 2.20. Under the same odds, the Bundesliga home team has 2 wins, 4 draws and 3 losses, and the visiting team has a high probability of being unbeaten. SSP's main win is a relatively high 2.30. Under the same odds, the Bundesliga home team has 1 win, 1 draw and 5 losses. Football Lottery temporarily go 10. 14. Bremen VS Hoffenhai Recommendation: 30