More than 100 netizens and owners listened to the authoritative master revealing the secrets of Feng Shui and Habitat. The host: Mr. She first briefly introduced the information in this regard. Mr. She also has an important task, which is to select the winners of the five cushions, please. (Lottery) Moderator: Now comes an important part, please invite Master Yipu to come on stage. We communicated before Master Yipu came. I said that you have a particularly important task today. Our friends at the scene not only listen to the selection of apartment types, but also home decoration Home decoration, one of the more important things is to look at home feng shui. I just said if you can show it to me first, and the master also said that there is no problem. In fact, everyone pays special attention to home feng shui, and the other is to pay more attention to their own karma and fortune. This is what we have said, you can read it, you can say it, I don't know what to say, I will give the microphone to Yipu. Grandmaster. The picture shows the executive director of Beijing Yipu Traditional Culture Development Center, the vice president of China Huaxia Yijing Research Association, the vice president of Chinese Name Culture Research Association, the secretary general of the World Zen Tao Culture Academic Exchange Association, the president of the International Yixue Culture Research Institute, the international Yipu, president of the Yixue Culture Research Association, discussed Dao Yipu on the spot: Good afternoon, everyone, to be honest, before I came, I didn’t have so much pressure. When I came here, I saw so many netizens and experts present, let me I use Feng Shui to interpret the Feng Shui environment of R&F Bay, which is indeed a little stressful. Regarding the development and construction of some Feng Shui issues in the development and construction of R&F Bay, I will give some suggestions from my own point of view, whether it is a help for the owners who have purchased houses in this community, and it may also be a reminder for customers who have not purchased. Before I talk about the feng shui conditions in the R&F Bay community, I will first introduce some logical knowledge in feng shui to you, so that you can extend this knowledge and compare the good and bad of the R&F Bay environment. will be compared. After I received the invitation from Sina.com, I made first-hand materials. First of all, I used satellite images to see the definition of living in R&F Bay. According to the requirements of Feng Shui culture, the location of the community should say what kind of location it is. Are the conditions better? There are three conditions. The first is environmental protection, which is an important location of the community. This location is not determined by the owner, but is a problem solved in the planning and design of the developer. The second point is to stay away from downtown and pollution, because we live, It is not an office; the third is to have convenient transportation and easy access. This is the requirement of Feng Shui for residential quarters. How did you do the site selection and planning and design of R&F Bay? Let's take a look at the satellite image. We see that the dark green color is the mountain, and the white color is the plain. We see that places A and B are where R&F Bay is now. Look at the color of the green things in this circle. This is the mountain range. The place where R&F Bay is located is the Qinglong on the left, the white tiger on the right, and the basalt in the back, so I chose to have a mountain environment. Like the sofa I sit on, there is a seat behind it. There are armrests on both sides, which is very auspicious in line with what I just said. The second condition is to stay away from the urban area. This does not mean that we leave the community, but away from the downtown area. As far as Beijing is concerned, the city of Beijing is the center of national political, economic and cultural development. They all come to Beijing. It is a pure downtown area. R&F Bay was built in Mapo Town, northeast of Shunyi Community in Beijing. The current location is far away from the downtown area and the industry. There are almost no chemical factories and factories, and the water here is not clear. It is the water discharged from the Miyun Reservoir and flows into the southwest through the Chaobai River. From the perspective of feng shui, this is called the jade belt wrapping around the waist. The location of R&F Bay There is a river in the east, the Olympic Water Park on it, and a road in the west. This road is still a circular road, surrounding R&F Bay. From the perspective of convenient transportation, it also has very good conditions, so R&F Bay should meet the requirements of the right time and place. I would also like to tell you something about Feng Shui. The culture of Feng Shui is a traditional and ancient Chinese culture. When this culture is quoted in Feng Shui, it is the harmony between heaven, earth, and people. What is heaven, what is earth, and what is What about people? Our universe is the sky and the earth is the earth. In the earth and the universe, there are human beings. The heaven, earth and human are combined. They must be harmonious. Heaven and earth are an environment and nature. Good and bad luck is a manifestation of the laws of nature. The sky will be windy, it will rain, and the earth's crust will change. This is a natural phenomenon, and there is no good or bad luck. Good and bad luck means that human beings are affected by the environment of heaven and earth, and they have good and bad luck. We must first find the environment of heaven and earth to live in, and then we have the prerequisites to adapt to the environment. Human beings live in the universe, we must learn some knowledge to avoid some risk and disaster. First of all, shrewd site selection and successful site selection are a prerequisite for avoiding disasters. It is self-knowledge, and human intelligence lies in this. Nature has given us such good conditions, and people have smart wisdom (wisdom blog), so that the conditions created by human beings today conform to the changes of nature, what changes have been made in nature, our ancestors were very smart, and put the earth around the sun The revolution is divided into three parts, we all know what is ternary, Shangyuan (forum photo album apartment type sample room map search), Zhongyuan and Xiayuan, Shangyuan 60 years, Zhongyuan 60 years, Xiayuan 60 years, three yuan Add them together for 180 years, and then repeat it again, and divide each element into nine fortunes, each of which represents a direction. Let me talk about yin and yang. The existence of human beings is influenced by yin and yang. What is yang, yang is what we call air. Although it is invisible, it circulates in the world. Finally, death; what is yin? yin is presented on the ground from yang and becomes something substantial, that is to say, what we see is high and low, soft and hard, similar to the one I sit on. Sofas, many negative things of our human beings, now people will be cremated after they die. If they are not cremated, like Tibet, the sun will also disappear into the sky at the end. I just said that the imaging of the ground is auspicious, and the environment is auspicious. , the imaging is fierce, it is fierce, let's take a look at the angle of R&F Bay after imaging. Look at this picture, the position where I click the mouse now is very vivid like the head of a swan, this is the area where the swan spreads its wings, this is the head, this is the chest, this is the abdomen, here are A and B in R&F Bay In the swan wings and the swan chest, we say that we can only know good and bad by looking at the image, just like we look at a person's wealth, we can analyze it from the face. We first look at the R & F bay area, which is the shape of the swan's wings. Let's look at the image of the R&F Bay community. Let's look at this picture. This is the northwest of the community. This is a very vivid standing swan. It was a swan with wings just now. The image of the community is tentatively planned as a standing swan. This is the designer. They, consciously or unconsciously, incorporate auspicious signs into the design. Let's take a look at what luck the R&F Bay design community is located in this garden, the first luck is the north, the second is the southwest, the Kunyun, the third is the right... The ninth is the south The labyrinth, I will click 189 with the dotted line. Our feng shui culture calls the number of lucky stars, and eight is the star of prosperity. It is in the northeast. If the entire People's Republic of China is divided, the northeast is the central axis of Beijing. The Forbidden City and Chang'an Avenue are divided into four major parts: northeast, northwest, southeast and southwest. R&F Bay selected the northeast part of Beijing urban area. Let's take a look at this picture. Majiapo is located in the northeast of Beijing, which means that the future development will be in the northeast. In addition to the northeast, the future development will continue for 20 years from 2004 in the next 15 years, and it will be due to the south. The planning and site selection of R&F Bay meets the natural prerequisite for the unity of nature and man. From the layout of the community, all sides are condensed in the direction of the lake in the middle. Let me tell you, a lady just asked me which part of the community is good. I said that Dangwang Star is best in the northeast, and Beijing can be divided into urban areas. Can the community be divided into north, south, east, and west? In addition, I said that it is a good place to be surrounded by mountains and rivers. There are swans on it. Which part surrounds you to form a lake shape is more auspicious, and the outside is very ordinary. In addition, choose the swan item. The head, chest and back are all very good. The swan will fly away and take you away. I don't want to be picky here, just what I'm talking about now, everyone can analyze which place is good or bad. In addition, I just asked the R&F sales staff. I said which direction the gate of the community is open. He said that it is in the northwest. I will not say whether it is right or not. I said that these nine positions can tell good and bad. According to Chinese feng shui culture, a villa should have a front door and a back door. Why do you say that everyone who lives in a villa is relatively noble, that is, all the owners present here are very rich and noble, such a big house, It is very difficult to clean the house by yourself. There must be some servants and servants to help with cleaning. We usually say that in a noble family, the gate is where the master walks, not the servant. This is what the culture of the past society required of servants. Your family has a distinguished guest, and when a distinguished guest comes, let the servants rush up with them. It is not the way to greet guests with a full face, so there must be a back door for the servants to walk. Times have changed now, but it is inevitable that we will have guests in our house, so if we can make simple decorations in the future design, this is very good. Today I will only briefly talk about the evaluation of R&F Bay. All owners understand. Moderator: When I watched Master Yipu talk about swans just now, all the owners were watching, did they imagine where our home is. The feng shui of living is very mysterious. Today, the master also briefly told us that many people came today to communicate with you about their fortune or related matters. Next, let Master Yipu draw the lucky prize. The picture shows Mr. Yipu's on-site lottery (lottery) Moderator: There is Mr. She and Mr. Yu below. There is an interactive session. The time was tight just now. Everyone was talking. If you have any questions, ask the three guests some questions. Question: Let me ask you about the design concept or design style of R&F Bay. Yu Xiaoqiang: I just said that we lived in the year 2009. We did not live in the Middle Ages. The architectural language and architectural style used in it are modern, and the space is geometric. The Forbidden City is in the past, and the Louvre also belongs to the past. In the past, the modern architectural concept was the modern style that emerged from the use of reinforced concrete as the main method. This place is to use this building material to express the most fully expressed style, which is the point-line-surface style. I just mentioned the lighting of the windows. , The apartment types are very bright, and the places that should be merged are very good. Ming kitchen, Mingwei, and many current houses have insufficient lighting. Question: I would like to ask Master Yipu, our house has a toilet door as soon as we enter the door. Is it particularly bad in terms of feng shui? Is there any way to overcome it? Yipu: I have talked about this issue before. We said that according to Feng Shui, when the bathroom corresponds to the main door or bedroom, kitchen, and other spaces, it plays a role in illness, health, or luck, etc. , why do you say this, because our door is the place to absorb gas, just like the human mouth, the human mouth must absorb nutrients and healthy food every day to be healthy, your toilet is there, we say the food you eat every day Going out of the toilet without digestion is equivalent to not collecting money, that's the concept. How to solve it? In principle, if the building requirements meet the demolition, you can change it. If you can't change it, hang a curtain or use a screen to cover it. If the space is small, ask the master to hang one on your door. Banner, as a Huasha, this is like a contradiction between two people. It is a contradiction between you and me. It needs a third party to mediate, so that the contradiction between the enemy and the people can be solved. This is the method of Huasha. Question: I would like to ask the master, according to the Nine Palaces Diagram, the absence of Er Kun Yun on the house type, what effect does it have on Feng Shui? Yipu: The lady just said that there is no place in the Kun position. We said that when choosing Feng Shui, it should be square, and every corner cannot be missing. However, due to the participation of aesthetics in modern architecture, the designer only pays attention to aesthetics, and does not involve Feng shui is not the ignorance of designers, but the ignorance of feng shui for so many years now, and there is no consistent inheritance. The designer has just learned this culture and needs to inherit it for a period of time, so it is missing due to the reasons of the architecture and the designer. It is inevitable, how to overcome it? In terms of family relations, Kunwei represents women and mothers. If Kunwei is lacking, it means that the old mother of the family is not in good health, and it also represents the owner of the owner, the owner of the house, such as the house I bought in the name of my lover, the owner. If you are not in good health, the place where you need to rush straight into the room is the place where the suffocation is, and this needs to be a mascot. Moderator: Our first salon is over here, and finally we will give you two places for the grand prize. The last draw was the trolley case provided by Sina, worth 350 yuan, and the three of us gave us two places. (Lottery draw) Moderator: The first salon is over. i want to comment