The first opening of Ivy League makes life ideals fuller. Looking back on the past, I suddenly find that most of the good times in my life have been wasted. The most dynamic years gradually passed away, the mind began to degenerate, the soul wandered in the illusory, and could not help but sigh that life is like a dream. Life is but a short journey, only a few people have wasted wisdom, know how to find beautiful things, and pursue the height of life. So, where is the height of life? A philosopher once said that an idea changes a life; a life changes a realm; a realm changes the height of a lifetime. Located in the Dongba business district of the East Fifth Ring Road, Shoukai·Ivy League (forum photo album apartment model room review map search), with its distinctive architectural concept, creates a partially empty and atmospheric space on the top floor, showing a different height of life. In the ivy scene villa, the designer used extremely simple lines and materials to show the atmosphere and personality of the empty space. The super-high ceiling on the top floor brings more fresh sunlight and air into the living room, allowing residents to live in their own thoughts and rely on them. More fashion elements can be added to decorate your own dream home. In addition, a variety of flexible space settings of 80-150? meet various living needs, and the unique bay windows and terraces bring infinite fun to the living room. The function of the scene villa is flexible and reasonable, and the spacious terrace echoes the inside and outside of the community landscape, which greatly improves the quality of life. Leisurely living in a villa, enjoying the poetic scenery outside the window by the bay window. The open scale of the empty space is full of atmosphere. Standing still, the mood suddenly brightened, and the sorrow was instantly forgotten. Unconsciously, he realized the true meaning of life, smiled at life and welcomed happiness with the most positive attitude towards life. I would like to comment on property navigation: