Laffer: The U.S. health care reform plan is in the wrong direction The root cause of soaring healthcare costs cannot be addressed. Here's a summary of the article: President Obama was right when he said that "the soaring health care costs make our current health care system unsustainable." Many Americans agree: 55% of respondents to a recent poll found that the U.S. healthcare system needs major overhaul. However, 70% of Americans are satisfied with their current health care arrangements. Consumers receive high-quality medical care at almost no expense of their own, incurring enormous costs that must be addressed. But unwise reforms will only make things worse. Effective treatment should begin with an accurate diagnosis. The government's current healthcare reform proposals do not address the underlying cause of soaring healthcare costs: the health-care wedge. A medical wedge is an economic term that refers to the difference between what a healthcare provider costs and what a patient actually pays. Obama's health care reform plan will not help address this price gap. Instead, it's more of a federal subsidy: costs rise and demand exceeds need. To pay for these subsidies, the government and Congress need to look elsewhere for revenue streams. The Obama team has already concluded that we should tax small businesses, large employers and the wealthy. And that doesn't work. According to my research, a $1 trillion increase in federal health care subsidies would accelerate health care inflation, lead to continued increases in health care costs, and further dampen economic growth. Despite the increased costs, there will still be about 30 million people who will not be covered by health insurance. There are other alternatives to health care reform. Instead of expanding the government's role in the health care market, Congress should take a patient-centered approach to health care reform. A patient-centered approach focuses on the doctor-patient relationship, empowering patients and physicians to choose effective and cost-effective healthcare options. By empowering patients and physicians, patient-centered healthcare reform will control costs, improve medical outcomes, and increase the overall efficiency of the healthcare system. Because Obama misdiagnosed the problems with the US health care system, any reform based on his diagnosis would further exacerbate the current inefficient health care system. (Xingya)