"Nanjing Nanjing" massacre survivors guest endorsement of Nanjing women's Sina Entertainment News Lu Chuan (blog) new film "Nanjing! Nanjing! "It has been nearly two months since I moved to the Changchun location on March 18 this year. A few days ago, the reporter personally went to Nanjing City, which was built by the crew in Changchun, and experienced the tragic years in "Nanjing City". The movie "Nanjing! Nanjing! "Invited Holocaust survivors in "Nanjing! Nanjing! ” On the set, there were five women speaking the standard Nanjing dialect who were always active in the forefront of the extras, especially an old man with a thin face and a spirited spirit was particularly noticeable. It turned out that in order to make the film more truly depict the painful history of the Nanjing Massacre (), director Lu Chuan also specially found the survivor of the Nanjing Massacre, Zhao Zhenhua, an old man in his 80s, who participated in the filming. She is Grandma Zhao. In order to make this film well, Grandma Zhao, regardless of her life, took part in the filming of the whole film with a pacemaker. Talking about the original intention of participating in the film, Grandma Zhao told reporters a little excitedly: "The Japanese committed monstrous crimes in Nanjing. The crime, 300,000 Nanjing compatriots died tragically in their hands, this history must not be forgotten, as a survivor, I have the obligation to tell everyone the truth!" When I first entered Nanjing, I was tranceled back to that time when Grandma Zhao rushed to the northeast to participate in the filming. That day, Changchun was still cold in spring, and the sky was alternating with rain and snow. When she stood in the "Nanjing City", she suddenly became dazed. The tragic past of the seventy years ago was vivid in her mind. The Yijiangmen, Xinjiekou, and Jinling Women's College in front of her all surprised her: Grandma Zhao didn't expect that here There will be such a realistic Nanjing city. Grandma Zhao said that looking at the "Nanjing City" shrouded in rain and snow reminded her of many sad past events, and it was with this feeling that she acted attentively. The first time I saw the Japanese soldiers about the catastrophe of the Nanjing Massacre, the old man Zhao Zhenhua still vividly remembers, "I was only 8 years old when the Nanjing Massacre was, because I was very fond of beauty since I was a child, and when I was a child, I always used combs that were very popular at that time. A beautiful 'childlike head', with hair hanging down to the cheeks on both sides, often looks in the mirror to see how beautiful he looks. But then Nanjing was captured by the Japanese, and the streets were full of vicious Japanese soldiers. One day, my father suddenly If I wanted to shave my head bald, I asked my father why he did it at the time. My father told me that the Japanese would take away women, girls and children when they saw them, especially beautiful children. Beautiful hair. In the end, the tragedy was not avoided. One day, a group of Japanese soldiers suddenly rushed into my house, and a Japanese put a shiny broadsword directly on my father's head. This was the first time I saw the real Japan. Bing. I was frightened and cried at the time. The Japanese kept asking 'Where's the flower girl?' I wanted to run in to rescue my sister, but was caught and raped by the inhuman Japanese!" Speaking of which, Grandma Zhao was very emotional: "I am so sad, for so many years, every time I think of that tragic scene, I feel special in my heart. Sad, very sad!" She told reporters, and later told Lu Chuan about the experience. Lu Chuan cried when he heard it, and told Grandma Zhao that it was a good idea for him to film "Nanjing! Nanjing! "Very helpful. Participated in "Nanjing! Nanjing! " is my best condolence to the victims because she is a survivor of the Nanjing Massacre, so when director Lu Chuan found Zhao Zhenhua, she heard that she was shooting the Nanjing Massacre, and she agreed without thinking: "I think it can be done. It is the greatest honor of my life to have the opportunity to film Nanjing! Nanjing! It is also the realization of my greatest dream, which I think is very meaningful! Through the film, I recall the horrific days of the massacre and sue the Japanese for the heinous crimes committed in Nanjing!" She also told reporters that she didn't care about the remuneration for being the leading actor in the crowd, "Remuneration doesn't matter to me at all, I was very happy to have the opportunity to participate in the filming of "Nanjing! Nanjing!"! The cooperation with Gao Yuanyuan (blog) and other actors is also very good. During my breaks, I often tell them the story of the Nanjing Massacre I experienced when I was a child. "When filming at the Jiangmen Gate of Nanjing, which was rebuilt in Changchun, Grandma Zhao was deeply touched by the scene of the massacre more than 70 years ago. "To be honest, I felt very heavy when filming "Nanjing! Nanjing!" How can I act better, I think this is my best consolation for those who suffer!"