Spurs starting hot girl girlfriend exposed nude painted exposed round twin peaks (Figure) Sina Sports News Beijing November 5th, if you are a die-hard NBA fan, then you must know the name DeJuan - Blair. This guy without the cruciate ligament is called a little beast by fans. The amazing data of 27 points and 23 rebounds against the Mavericks last season made everyone remember this sturdy big man. Now, he has been pushed into the starting lineup by Spurs coach Gregg Popovich. On the court, Blair is always able to use his strong body to squeeze a way in the interior, and it is more common for him to pick up rebounds from the opponent's head. If I had to describe my impression of Blair in one word, I would probably choose "big boy". However, many fans may not know that the wild Blair on the court is also a prince of love off the court. Microblogging (http://t.sina.com.cn), a new online communication tool, is also prevalent in the United States, and Blair is a loyal microblogger. According to local media reports in San Antonio, the little beast, who has just made his debut recently, has a relationship with the latest "MV Queen". The strongest tangible evidence is that the two have been following each other on Weibo and communicating with each other for a long time. And there are signs that the two may have started dating! This is definitely not the wanton speculation and groundless speculation of the media. Ashley Logan recently used body painting to paint Blair's jersey on her delicate skin and took a set of nude sexy photos. What is even more speculative is that Ashley-Luogan also used this picture as her Weibo profile picture. Immediately after the picture was posted, a friend of Luo Gan commented. One of her friends said on Weibo: If he was Blair, he would definitely hang Luo Gan's poster by the bedside! After seeing such a comment, Luo Gan immediately revealed the news: "Blair has hung my poster on the bedside." How did the posters and the body painting on Luo Gan come from? Speaking of Ashley-Luo Gan, she is a woman who is naturally sexy, and her ecstatic eyes seem to reveal a mysterious atmosphere to the people around her all the time. She has appeared in music videos for hip-hop singers such as 50 Cent and Busta Rhymes, and is a frequent advert for magazines. Among the sexy photos she has taken before, there are many works of amazing scale. Among them are the half-naked photos of caressing the breasts with both hands on the beach at sunset, and the half-kneeling on the soft bed showing the perfect buttocks. Every photo reveals endless sexy, no wonder Blair would endure it Keep chatting with her. It is worth noting that although he has taken the starting position of the Spurs, Blair's performance in the new season is not satisfactory. In the past three games, Blair averaged only 4.3 points and 6.3 rebounds per game. The ferocious performance of the season can be said to be quite different, and Blair's sluggish state has to cause suspicion, where is his energy used? (milk doll)