Boutique Shopping Guide: True and False Mei Lanfang (Photos) Since the release of the movie "Mei Lanfang", "Mei Lanfang", who has been born for more than 100 years, has returned to the forefront for a while. This newspaper interviewed Mei Baojiu, the son of Mei Lanfang and the artistic director of "Mei". When it comes to the historical authenticity of "Mei Lanfang", Master Jiu is very open-minded. He said that the whole film is very decent and does not distort history. But why only Mei Lanfang, Meng Xiaodong, and Fu Zhifang use their real names in the whole film, and all other characters use pseudonyms? Mei Baojiu said - you can't use your real name, there are copyright issues. In fact, as Jiu Ye said in the interview, "A movie is also a play, and there is no need to make too many demands." In the movie, the director tried to restore Mei Lanfang to a "real and ordinary person". But if there are too many halos on this person, it may be difficult to think of ordinary people. Since Mei Lanfang became famous in the 1920s, rumors, scandals, and myths have been imposed on the king of the actor world. Historically, the Mei Party has adopted practices such as "blocking gossip" and "buying out unfavorable copyrights" to make Many controversial historical details have become confusing. When it comes to the topic of Mei Lanfang, it is safer to add the word "it is said" in front of it. We are powerless to restore a real Mei Lanfang and his world, because "Mei Lanfang" itself is too far from reality. However, we can collect some historical fragments from the various opinions. As for what kind of Mei Lanfang will be spelled out in the end, readers are left to decide for themselves. In the real history, Mei Lanfang was born in an aristocratic family in Liyuan, and it has been three generations in his generation. Mei's grandfather, Mei Qiaoling, also known as "Fat Qiaoling", was a nickname given by his "fan" the Empress Dowager Cixi, because of her fat body, she was graceful. Mei Lanfang's father died young, and he was mainly brought up by the uncle of the Mei family. The uncle, Mei Yutian, was a famous violinist, enshrined in the inner court of the Qing Dynasty, and was known as the "Holy Hand of Huqin". Thirteen Swallows: "Insinuation" of Tan Xinpei's Thirteen Swallows' prototype, which combines the Mix versions of Xusheng leaders such as Tan Xinpei, Yang Xiaolou, and Yu Shuyan, but obviously focuses more on Tan Xinpei's experience. First of all, in history, Tan Xinpei was the favorite celebrity of the Queen Mother of the West, and was given a yellow jacket by the royal family. And it is this thing that Thirteen Yan cherishes most in the movie. In the movie, there is also the word "Yingxiu" on the plaque, which is the name of Tan Xinpei. The three plays "Sitting in the Palace", "Selling Horses" and "Dingjun Mountain" sung by Thirteen Yan when they fought against the stage are all representative works of Tan Xinpei. Thirteen Yan's gift to the young Mei Lanfang - a "Dingjun Mountain 12? Human figure". Anyone who knows a little about opera knows that Tan Xinpei is synonymous with "Dingjun Mountain" in a sense. In the movie, Thirteen Yan peeked at Mei Lanfang's performance backstage, which also happened to Tan Xinpei. Qiu Rubai: Qiu Rubai, the second male lead in Qi Rushan's film, is the soul of "Mei Lanfang". He not only helped Mei make many major decisions - such as repertoire reform, fight with Thirteen Yan The performances of Lei and visiting the United States also took a lot of blame for Mei Lanfang - such as planning the assassination of Meng Xiaodong, and inciting Mei to perform for the Japanese army. In history, Mei Lanfang did have such a group of think tanks and funders. They reunited with Mei because of their love for Mei, which is known as the Mei Party. In fact, this was very common in the pear orchard circle at that time. If there were "horns", there would naturally be "horns". Not only Mei Lanfang, but also Cheng Yanqiu gathered around the famous scholars Luo Ying, Li Yuying and others. Qi Rushan, the leader of the Mei Party, is the prototype of Qiu Rubai. Qi Rushan is a master of the theory of Chinese opera for a generation. From the perspective of historical details, he did give a speech at the Liyuan Guild after returning from studying abroad, criticizing the "fake" of Chinese opera. But Qiu Rubai said in the movie that the Peking Opera actor "stretched his entire face, and there was no expression on his face". Peking Opera does not require actors to enter roles, but keeps the audience at a distance, much like Brecht's theatrical theory. The playwright Wang Zengqi also said that Chinese opera does not require you to be moved, its aesthetic process is different. Therefore, Qiu Rubai's first appearance in the film did not have the demeanor of Qi Rushan's "theoretical master", and was completely nonsense. In history, although Qi Rushan and Mei Lanfang have been entangled all their lives, Qi Rushan pays more attention to drama than other Mei party's open "competition and jealousy" of "Mei Lang". After the "September 18 Incident", Qi Rushan and Feng Gengguang had a dispute over the whereabouts of Mei Lanfang. In the end, Mei Lanfang adopted Feng Gengguang's advice and moved to Shanghai, while Qi stayed in Beijing. After liberation, Qi Rushan went to Taiwan, and Mei Lanfang stayed in the mainland, and the two were separated from each other. In 1961, on the day Qi heard the news of Mei's death, he took out Mei's handwriting in his collection and burst into tears. The next year, Qi died. As for Qiu Rubai's "dismantling Mei Meng" in the movie, it is not Qi Rushan's actions. Because it was Qi Rushan who went to Meng Xiaodong's house to propose marriage. "Persuading Mei Lanfang to sing for the Japanese army" also has little to do with Qi Rushan. Qi is an intellectual and has written "Mei Lanfang's Art", "Mei Lanfang's Travels in Beauty", "Memoirs of Qi Rushan" and "The Changes of Peking Opera" and more than ten books. He is a lofty man, and his political attitude is indifferent. It is certain that Qi Rushan loves drama and art, but he may despise him for playing tricks.