Mei Baojiu said that Leslie Cheung's women were too feminine and that Gillian's image was not good (Photos) At that time, there was no media, no hype, and no cheating. My father was not good at fighting people. I see that he has sung for so many years, and he has never planned anything to bring his own drama to our reporter Peng Su from Beijing. He mentioned Mei Baojiu, Mei Lanfang's piano master Jiang Fengshan, and he said, "This young master Jiu is very happy. , he doesn't like learning drama at all. When I woke up early, I was the one who pulled him out of the bed." If it wasn't for carrying the banner of Meipai, his apprentice Zhang Xinyue said, "My master's skillful hands can It's no problem to be an engineer." The old man Jiang said that Mei Baojiu was smarter than his father, "Mr. Mei is stupid. Study hard, don't use tricks." Mei Baojiu flatly denied: "Smart beans are not really smart, my father is called Dazhiruoyu. "You can't be an uneducated artist" People Weekly: Chen Kaige commented that Mei Lanfang was a hero, but the writer Zhang Yihe said he was a great layman, a man of great fortune, and a man of great wisdom, what do you think? your father? Mei Baojiu: He is mainly an artist! He created the May Pie, and raised the May Pie to a very high level. He went to Japan, the United States, Russia very early, and even went to Europe to bring Peking Opera to the world. He treats people very kindly and has made many friends in the intellectual, film and cultural circles around the world. Before liberation, everyone was very particular about morality, and this was reflected in him, in his devotion to his peers, his students, his public welfare undertakings, and his sincerity towards the country until the war of resistance against Japan. A very representative literati. He has always looked at things from a macro perspective. People Weekly: Chen Kaige had doubts, why did he think of bringing Peking Opera to the West? Mei Baojiu: He became popular after the 1911 Revolution, and later went to Shanghai to perform. He saw that Shanghai is a big commercial port, and there are many kinds of foreign culture, movies, and some entertainment programs. He felt that Beijing Opera itself had a very high gold content, and foreigners would like it very much. He has been to Japan twice, and he is very familiar with the seniors of Japanese Kabuki. Seeing that the Japanese like it so much, after coming back, he feels that Peking Opera should go global and not stay in the same circle all the time, so he planned to the United States and Europe. . People Weekly: During his visit to the Soviet Union in 1935, it is said that Stalin invited him and Hu Die to go with him in order to appease the Chinese people's dissatisfaction with the Soviet Union for selling a certain part of China to the puppet state of Manchuria? Mei Baojiu: Not entirely for this. He mainly went to the Soviet Union from a cultural level, and he was good friends with Brecht and Stanislavsky. They held symposiums together to study the time and space of Peking Opera. The great writer of the Soviet Union watched Mei Lanfang's performance and said that we were greatly inspired, and there was a lot of room for actors. We are a box here, we act inside, you watch it outside, the actors and the audience seem to be separated by a wall. Brecht speaks of the fourth wall. My father said, "Where is there a wall in front of me? I didn't see any wall. When the water sleeve blocked, I told the audience that he was not a good person, and I had to be careful. Then the water sleeve came down and I talked to him again, and it was solved. (laughs, like a water sleeve) People Weekly: Some people say that your father is very assertive when it matters, but he is actually very timid? Mei Baojiu: (lowers his head and thinks for a moment) He is not timid, he is more cautious. He went to the United States during the Great Depression, he hesitated to go, and finally decided to go. If he hesitated again, wouldn't this opportunity be missed?