Jiangsu aid exchange plan has been put on the agenda Ricky Davis makes the coach very helpless. Davis once had an unsuccessful marriage. This time to play in China, Davis brought his girlfriend, just to be with his family Spend Christmas together. Since the state of the game has not met the team's requirements, Davis is also in a hurry, and he even has a hunch that his days in the Nangang team may be running out. So, he took every opportunity to express himself. Before yesterday's game, Davis came to the stadium alone early to practice three-pointers. It is said that grinding the gun before the battle is unpleasant, but Davis was still in a bad state yesterday. For most of the second half, Davis was pressed on the bench. He scored only 8 points and 4 rebounds. "Davis is happier than Moeso, after all, he has his family here to accompany him." A teammate quipped. Although he had a girlfriend to spend Christmas Eve with, Davis was in a bad mood. During these two days of training, coach Xu Qiang even gave Davis special training, hoping that he could play a dozen point guards and give Hu Xuefeng some playing time. Facts have proved that this foreign aid who claims to be able to play three or four positions is obviously talking big. "Davis' state is difficult to get back, and it is unrealistic to let him play a point guard. If this goes on, the team will become more and more passive." An insider analyzed. No one knows when Nangang will change foreign aid, but the team realizes that changing foreign aid is imperative. Another foreign aid, Moiseo, had a much better life. Although there was no one to accompany him on Christmas Eve, he at least worked without worry. "Moiseau just stayed in the room and called his family in the United States to report safety. In fact, foreign aid is not easy..." General Manager Wang Min said. Moiseo scored 16 points, 20 rebounds and 3 blocks yesterday, and his performance was quite satisfactory. It is understood that the club also prepared Christmas gifts for the two foreign aid and physical fitness coaches, and also invited the team to spend Christmas Eve together after the game. Express reporter Shen Chen trainee reporter Tang Haojie