Roubini: The global economic recovery is weak , the global economic recovery is sluggish, and it may fall into recession again by the end of 2010 or 2011. The following is a summary of the article: The global recession may end by the end of 2009, but the global economic recovery in 2010 will be weak, growing well below trend, as households, businesses and financial institutions borrow, lend and spend be constrained. Meanwhile, the ensuing "perfect storm" appears to be a step closer: massive fiscal deficits and continued build-up of public debt; deficit monetization will eventually raise inflation expectations; rising government bond yields; soaring oil prices; weak corporate earnings; employment data continuing to fall ; stagnant economic growth. The storm has the potential to force the recovering world economy into a "twin valley" recession in late 2010 or 2011. After three months of sharp gains, asset markets in mature economies have paused and have begun a brief correction in recent weeks. Asset prices moved sharply higher starting around March 9, before the market correction began. Stocks rose, oil and energy prices rose, and commodity prices rose. Credit spreads narrowed sharply, signaling high confidence in the business sector. Long-term interest rates rose, suggesting the market believes the economy will return to growth in the near future. There has also been less volatility in asset prices, which is often a sign of increased confidence and less risk aversion. Asset prices in emerging markets are more bullish. The BRIC index shows that in early 2009, some investors began to believe that the growth of these economies will lead to further gains in commodity prices. In other words, the market three weeks ago was pricing in a "V"-shaped recovery for the global economy, quickly returning to potential growth levels. But better fundamentals aren't the only pull. Part of the reason the market has moved higher is liquidity itself, with governments pumping a lot of liquidity into the economy and money now flowing into asset markets. Concerns about inflation are also a factor. When investors and companies expect inflation to rise, they resort to evasion, believing that today's commodities will be better than tomorrow's cash. Some people think that narrowing credit spreads and rising asset prices are good things, after all, this is good for wealth growth, which is good for economic growth. But if this happens too soon, the effect could backfire: A too-rapid rise in oil and energy prices would be a negative shock to oil-importing countries, a rally in risk assets if weaker-than-expected economic and financial news resurfaces will likely decrease. A new turning point in the economy may emerge. One reason is that the recession isn't over anytime soon, unemployment is still rising, and home prices are still falling. The economic contraction will continue for at least five months until the end of the year, and possibly longer. Second, when the recession ends, the economy will grow in a "U" shape, and the economy will remain weak for a longer period of time. On top of that, weak growth sets the stage for a return to recession, with a "W"-shaped recession likely in late 2010 or 2011. If oil prices rise too quickly and long-term government bond yields continue to rise, markets and the economy will slide hand in hand toward a new recession. In conclusion, we are now one step closer to the end of the financial crisis and recession than we were 6 months ago, but the road ahead will be very bumpy and bumpy: the recession in advanced economies will last until the end of the year, and the subsequent recovery will be Very slowly, the risk of a "twin valley" recession is rising, and growth in emerging market economies will be weighed down by sluggish growth in advanced economies. (Xingya)