In his garage in Pittsburgh, Frank Saans is working around the clock to tinker with his proudest invention: a working fusion reactor. Now, nuclear fusion is no longer just in the hands of professional scientists, a group of amateur science enthusiasts are trying to build nuclear reactors in their own homes, hoping to achieve new energy supplies. The establishment of the "Nuclear Reactor Club" At present, there is a group of amateur physicists and science fiction enthusiasts who are trying to build a nuclear fusion reactor in their basement, backyard or home laboratory, and Saans, 51, is one of them. . Many people who share Saans' dreams, who call themselves "reactor maniacs," have organized a loose society of more than 100 members who have joined the "nuclear reactor club." The equipment of amateur "reactor maniacs" who build fusion reactors in a month is based on the 1960s. Although the technology is still immature, "reactor maniacs" like Saans still believe that fusion reactors are more promising than other methods of generating electricity. Hall began experimenting with making his own fusion reactor in 1997, when science fiction writer and electrical engineer Tom Lingan took a sample fusion reactor with him to a gathering of amateur scientists at Hall's house. Hall was completely fascinated by the device. "Next, I built a fusion reactor in about a month," said Hall, who is now preparing to build his fifth nuclear reactor device. . Possibly mistaken for terrorists Hall said that another disadvantage of homemade nuclear reactors is that they will be regarded as terrorists. "Many people have a conditioned reflex, that is, anything that goes with 'nuclear' is a terrorist incident." Reactor Maniacs" said such a nuclear reactor would be very environmentally friendly, producing little air pollution and producing very little long-term radioactive waste. Craig Wallace, a middle school student in Utah, USA, once built a nuclear fusion reactor, and most of the parts were picked up from the garbage dump near the nuclear plant. . Craig first found an abandoned neutron detector in an old metal junkyard, and then Craig spent hundreds of CDs to develop a neutron modulator. He later found turbomolecular pumps from the rubbish dumps of a nuclear plant. Since he had no money to buy expensive deuterium gas, Craig had to spend $20 to buy a box of heavy water to create pure chemical deuterium gas. Craig spent two years collecting various parts and equipment, and it took half a year to assemble the "nuclear reactor". Official response does not restrict hobbyist experiments The Food and Drug Administration, which regulates commercial radioactive instruments, said it would not restrict hobbyist equipment. The U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission has also said it does not regulate the use of deuterium in the United States. However, the rules for this vary from state to state. The Virginia Department of Health requires registration of radiation-imaging equipment for commercial use, but a spokesman for the department said devices for personal use do not have to be registered. In Pennsylvania, a spokesman for the Department of Environmental Protection said any equipment that could emit radiation must be registered. Newspaper comprehensive