Brilliant is not in the commercial competition of the five major European and American game companies that were acquired by others. The fittest survives. There are many examples of large companies annexing small companies, and the game circle is no exception. In the game industry in recent years, big companies have been "merging", while small companies can only be acquired by others. There are many things like "big fish eat small fish". In the last "5 major mergers" After "Company", today I will introduce to you a few major European and American game companies that were once brilliant but could not escape the fate of acquisition. ATARI Atari, which has a pivotal position in the history of games, was established in the United States in 1972. In the embryonic stage of the game industry, he created the first real arcade game "PONG", although the game is similar to playing billiards: The ball then moves towards the baseline where it is located, and each player must control the racket to hit the ball back to the opponent. The game sold 19,000 units, and other companies followed suit. And many Chinese hardcore players have come into contact with the Atari 2600 console, which is older than the old FC. When choosing a game, you need to adjust the "switch" on the cassette, and the controller adds a button to a joystick . In those games composed of mosaics, many players have experienced the enlightenment stage of video games. Later, due to poor management, the famous "Atari Shock" in the history of games was triggered, which severely hit the entire American game industry. In addition, the rise of FC in Japan caused the United States to lose its status as the game leader. There have been many hosts, but nothing has been done. Since then, Atari has given up on hardware to focus on making games, but the company hasn't produced a world-class title that's loud enough. During this period, Atari had a close relationship with Bandai. Many of the "Dragon Ball" game series we are familiar with are developed and represented by Atari. In 2008, NBGI acquired a 34% stake in Atari Europe (previously parent company Infogrames Entertainment). In 2009, NBGI officially acquired the European branch of Atari, consolidating its game and network business in Europe. The U.S. headquarters, which remains independent at present, has become the sole headquarters of Atari. It can be said that such a legendary factory has not completely become a subsidiary of others. Eidos Interactives is a company familiar to Chinese players. It was established in the UK in 1990. It operated video compression technology at the beginning of its establishment and entered the game industry in 1995. Through the continuous expansion in the following years, it owns many equity interests in small companies and has become one of the most influential companies in the industry. The company's final masterpiece "Tomb Raider" series has become a classic in the history of games. The protagonist Laura has become the first female adventurer in history. Her image has even surpassed many well-known figures, and has surpassed real people many times. Star" and "Most Powerful Woman" awards. In addition to "Tomb Raider", Eidos' "Champion Football Manager" series is also loved by fans and players. Beginning in 2000, the company began to decline, relying too much on a few brands such as "Tomb Raider" and "Championship Football Manager", but these works lacked enough innovation, resulting in a large drop in software sales. Since then, the company has undergone a small restructuring, but still no improvement. In 2005, due to poor performance, Eidos was acquired by the UK-based gaming company SCi as a subsidiary. At the beginning of 2009, the Japanese RPG giant SE took a fancy to Eidos, and SQEX LTD., a British subsidiary of SE, began to publicly buy the stock of Eidos in the United Kingdom to acquire Eidos. Prior to this, the Eidos board of directors has approved the acquisition plan. SE had promised to keep Eidos "independent". But according to the latest news, after SE merged a number of European studios including Eidos, they gave them a unified name, namely "Square Enix Europe", and Eidos North American distribution was directly replaced by "Square Enix". Id Software is a god-like company in the field of computer games. It is recognized by the world as the ancestor of FPS games. The company was founded by John Carmack and others on February 1, 1991. With the help of the previous successful experience of "Commander Keen", in April 1991, computer games The first high-speed action 3D first-person point-of-view shooter "Hovertank" was born. At the end of the year, the "Hand with a Gun" appeared for the first time in "Underground Emperor's Tomb", which became a major standard for FPS games in the future. What really brought Id to the top of the industry was 1993's Doom, which used 3D environment graphics that surrounded the game's characters, multiplayer support. The game was spread by sharing software, and reached about 10 million downloads in two years, which popularized the game model and created a subculture of games; due to its great impact on the game industry, in the 1990s The first-person shooters that proliferated after the mid-term are often referred to as "DOOM-like" games. It is also "DOOM" that let the game say goodbye to the era of "running behind the hardware ass". In addition to the "DOOM" series, the status of "Quake" (Thor's Hammer) is no worse than the former. The game fully expands the concept of 3D. The player images and monsters are three-dimensional models instead of the previous two-dimensional sub-graphics. The industry generally believes that this game has brought a revolution in independent 3D graphics cards. The confrontational nature of the game makes the word "competition" gradually come together with the game. The Wolfenstein series is also a well-known brand of Id. The game is a sequel to the previous Wolfenstein, using the Quack3 engine. After its success on the PC, the game was ported to home consoles. Midway Games is a very "legendary" company, founded in 1988, it has many game brands, the most famous of which is the "Mortal Kombat" (Mortal Kombat, also translated deadly fighting, Devil Palace) series, and it is This series is that many Chinese players know Midway. The fighting game series "Mortal Kombat" can be summed up in two words - "bloody, violent", and the finishing skills after defeating the opponent have become a major "feature" of the game. In many arcade halls in China at that time, the word "Finish" was often seen, and the heart-piercing screams were endless... Entering the 3D era, the entire series began to decline. In the past two years, although "Gun God" (a bad work jointly created by Fa Ge and Uncle Wu) and "Unreal Tournament 3" have been released, this has not improved the company's worsening financial situation. Redstone, chairman of media group Viacom, took over Midway in 2004 but failed to turn the company around. In November, Redstone sold the hugely loss-making Midway to a private equity firm in exchange for a $700 million tax write-off, which led to a lawsuit from Midway's creditors. Nearly half a year later, Midway can be described as "dead and alive". There are quite a lot of news about the company's bankruptcy. First, it has filed for bankruptcy due to excessive debts, and then announced that it can continue to operate and is developing new works. Open bidding for acquisition to avoid death... In the past two days, there has been new news that Warner Bros. (WB) has become the only bidder for Midway Games, which means that Warner Bros. will take over the mess of Midway. This acquisition is in 6 At the end of the month, it was approved by a Delaware bankruptcy judge and gained legal effect. If nothing else, Midway will become a subsidiary of Warner Bros., and Warner Bros. is likely to use Midway's game brand to develop games, movies or TV series. Westwood Studios "Westwood" is still a name very familiar to Chinese players. It was established in the United States in 1985 under the name of Westwood Associates. Like id soft in the FPS field, Westwood's position in the real-time strategy game (RTS) field is also quite important. In fact, in 1992, the company was sold to Virgin Interactive (Virgin Interactive) during this period of time to produce "Dune Castle 2" became an early classic in RTS games, but Westwood's biggest commercial success came from 1995's "Command and conquer". Based on the gameplay and interface ideas of Dune 2, early 3D graphics and live-action movies have been added, and more advanced gameplay has been added. The subsequent derivative work "Red Alert" is also very popular with players. Westwood's strategy games tend to be "more entertaining but less professional," so sales of several series are only average. In addition to RTS, Westwood's "Adventure Game Kailandia Legend", "Dark Throne" and other types of games are not well-known. In August 1998, Westwood was acquired by EA for $122.5 million into EA's game publisher system. In March 2003, EA merged Westwood Studios and its willing staff into EA's Los Angeles Division (EALA). So far, Westwood has been completely "digested" by EA. I thought Westwood was dead, but the appearance of "Red Alert 3" gave the world a big surprise. The classic brands of Westwood have been preserved. Of course, in addition to "Red Alert", there is also the rumored "Command and Conquer 4" "... In fact, being acquired is not necessarily a bad thing. After many companies are acquired, they can gain more room for development. In recent years, the acquisition time is far more than these. Irrational Games, Action Pants, Mad Doc and other companies have also been acquired by others, but because their influence is far less than the above five companies, so there is no detailed introduction. Not only in Europe and the United States, there are quite a lot of "big fish eat small fish" in the Japanese game industry. For example, HUNSON, the developer of "Bomberman", and D3, which specializes in cheap games, have become subsidiaries of others, and "Transformers" is a real company. The founder, TAKARA, has been sold to and fro... In the future, when there is time, we will introduce Japan's "swallowed" company to you.