China News Service, August 22 (Xinhua) -- An Australian environmental official said that after being abandoned by its mother, the calf was moored in the north of Sydney. Humpback whale baby 'Colin', whose yacht was taken as its mother, will be humanely destroyed. Australia's deputy environment and climate change minister, Barnes, said veterinarians and oceanographers had checked it and found it to be in such poor condition that it might not survive the night of the 21st (Australian time). "The condition of the calf is much worse than they thought, and the injuries - possibly from a shark attack - are more serious than expected," she said. "We have made the difficult decision of humane destruction." According to Hong Kong's Ta Kung Pao " reported that since it was discovered in the sea north of Sydney on the 17th and began to treat the moored yacht as a mother trying to breastfeed, this little whale, known as "Colin" by the locals, has attracted millions of people's hearts and has become a local media. Focus. The decision to kill the calf has sparked outrage from a rescue group who designed a feeder it hoped to use to feed 'Colin'. "Sacred Sea" member Devine roared: "You promised not to put it to death within 24 hours!" Some Australians accused officials of not doing their best to save "Colin" and trying to feed it. Previous attempts to guide the calf back to the high seas were also unsuccessful, with Colin stubbornly clinging to the yacht and refusing to leave. Officials with the NSW Department of National Parks and Wildlife had earlier considered using an inflatable sling to haul it out of the open ocean, where it might have a chance to join other whales. But in the end Barnes sadly declared that there was no alternative but to humane destruction. "It's something we've always wanted to avoid," she said. "We want it to be fine. It's been a very painful decision." As night fell, wildlife officials and veterinarians met to negotiate arrangements for euthanasia . They plan to anesthetize it, drag it ashore, and inject the lethal drug into his heart. Related news: Australia's stray calf mistakenly used yacht as mother to breastfeed