Overseas Window: Overseas study shows a trend of "more than 3". The number of self-funded students is increasing. Zhang Xiuqin, director of the Department of International Cooperation and Exchange of the Ministry of Education, recently pointed out that in 2008, the number of Chinese students studying abroad was 179,800, of which 161,600 were studying abroad at their own expense, accounting for 90% of the total number of students studying abroad that year. Self-financed students are the main force of overseas students. Zhu Jiani, a 2008 graduate of the Higher Education Research Institute of Shanghai Jiaotong University, conducted a survey on Chinese students through the Internet in 2007. The 454 questionnaires received showed that the tuition fees for Chinese students studying abroad mainly came from their families, accounting for about 62%. in the first place. Ms. Zhang, the mother of a self-funded international student, said in an interview that now her income has increased, and the cost of studying abroad has not changed much compared to before, making it more "affordable to stay and study". Experts believe that the current study abroad market benefits from "two policies": one is the Chinese government's 4 trillion economic stimulus plan to stimulate domestic demand and benefit many industries, thus directly or indirectly affecting families; , the United States, Australia, Canada and other important study destination countries have successively adjusted their policies, further relaxed visas, adjusted the enrollment ratio, lowered the entrance threshold, etc., in order to actively attract foreign students from China and other countries. A consultant from Jiahua Shida, an intermediary service agency that provides diversified international students, said: "In 2008, the number of applicants for graduate studies increased by 30% to 40%, and the number of applications for undergraduate programs increased by 50%." At this stage, the composition of Chinese international students The number of graduate students, doctoral students, and senior research scholars has gradually increased in addition to applications for undergraduate studies. In addition to students, many young white-collar workers also hope to find suitable opportunities to go abroad to charge. Study abroad experts have analyzed that choosing to let children go to college abroad is due to the pressure and competition of the domestic college entrance examination, and it is relatively easy to study abroad. On the other hand, you can adapt to the international environment as soon as possible and lay the foundation for entering a better school for graduate studies in the future. Third, the parents of many high school students are returnees from overseas studies, and they consciously guide their children to study abroad. Experts believe that as the cost of studying abroad is getting lower and lower, and the cost-effectiveness is getting higher and higher, the current study abroad market has become a "supermarket for civilians", and studying abroad is no longer the patent of a certain group. More choices for school majors In the recently held China International Education Tour Exhibition, 149 of the more than 400 colleges and institutions participating in the exhibition are new colleges, including Australia, France, the Netherlands, Ireland, Malaysia, New Zealand, and Singapore. It is the first time for the delegation from countries such as the United Kingdom and the United Kingdom to participate. They offer Chinese students a wide range of programs covering high school, vocational education, continuing education, undergraduate, postgraduate and more. Colleges and universities from countries and regions enrolling students in China also offer more and more professional fields. Expert analysis shows that in previous years, most students studying abroad often choose business, finance, accounting or IT majors, resulting in a nearly saturated market for these majors. In recent years, engineering, logistics, environment, education, nursing, beauty salons, auto repair and other previously relatively cold majors have become the choice of many international students. Experts suggest that when choosing a major, you should first establish your own goals, know what you want to learn, and not blindly follow the trend; secondly, you must do what you can, according to your own learning foundation, background or way of thinking, and personality characteristics; thirdly It is also necessary to predict the professional employment prospects in advance to avoid "learning for nothing".