10,000 universities in the United States have become "hardest hit areas" for education fraud. In recent years, the number of Chinese students studying abroad has been increasing, from 39,000 in 2000, 94,000 in 2001, and 125,000 in 2002. my country has become the world's largest sending country for overseas students. With the increasing emergence of the "gold mine" effect of the domestic self-funded study abroad market, more and more foreign schools are opening their doors to Chinese students. The United States is a "feng shui treasure land" in the global study abroad market , attracting thousands of students every year. As the so-called "big trees attract wind", some unscrupulous schools are using this "golden signboard" to recruit students aggressively, thus making the United States the "hardest hit area" for educational fraud incidents. The most striking is the "Honolulu University Incident". The university is a local educational institution registered in Hawaii, the United States. Its educational qualifications and diplomas are not certified by the US government, but it calls itself a "government-accredited international university" and cooperates with a domestic institution to open an MBA program. In July 2003, the university was punished by the state government of Hawaii for refunding hundreds of thousands of dollars in full tuition fees to students for adding the title of "government certification" to the admissions advertisement without authorization. Due to the vast ocean, it is difficult for domestic students to recover hundreds of thousands of tuition fees, and many people are still running around for this. The United States is the country with the largest number of universities in the world. There are as many as 10,000 universities of various types, including the best first-class universities in the world, and there are also many "Clayton universities". According to expert analysis, the American education system is the main reason for this mixed situation. U.S. law allows various types of adult training education to exist as a supplement to mainstream education, with university qualifications or titles. Therefore, it is quite easy to create a university in the United States. The education laws of many states in the United States stipulate that societies, institutions, individuals, companies or organizations can establish universities and confer degrees. Since the threshold for establishing a university in the United States is very low, many various "Clayton universities" have emerged. "Clayton University" was originally a fictional school of swindlers in Mr. Qian Zhongshu's novel "Besieged City", but now it has become a real event: some illegal schools abroad and domestic "black-hearted" intermediaries have joined forces to sing in the overseas study market. "Double Reeds", taking advantage of the weakness of domestic students who do not understand the education situation abroad, took advantage of the opportunity to fish in troubled waters and built deceptive "besieged cities". my country has become the world's largest sending country for overseas students. With the increasing emergence of the "gold mine" effect of the domestic self-funded study abroad market, more and more foreign schools are opening their doors to Chinese students, and there are also more and more "Clayton" students. University" eyeing this big "cake". For Chinese students, "reading ten thousand books and traveling ten thousand miles", studying abroad was originally an opportunity for self-development, but the endless emergence of "Clayton University" has made the road to study abroad full of thorns, so choose an "authentic" university. American universities are becoming more and more difficult. Six characteristics of "Clayton University"! Although "Clayton University" has various names and various "packages", after careful analysis, these liar universities have the following six characteristics: 1. There is no formal "identity". Most of these schools are only registered in a certain region of the United States, and their school qualifications and diplomas have not been approved by the US Department of Education. 2. Love the "high hat". To attract students, these schools often claim in their admissions advertisements that they have been reviewed and approved by the World Association of Universities and Colleges or the International Association of Universities and Colleges, in order to raise the bar. "Worth", in fact, these two associations are nothing at all. 3. "Crash" education. The master's and doctorate degrees that take several years to obtain in other universities can be completed in just a few months in "Clayton University", and some even require students to submit a dissertation with unlimited content. Of course, this is not a "free lunch", and applicants for a degree must pay $2,000 to $10,000 in "road money." 4. "Guerrilla-style" school. Most of these schools are "bag companies" without formal school buildings. Even if they start classes, they rent classrooms and often change their address. 5. "Tiger" head and "snake" tail. These schools like to advertise in the newspapers, but often only have a website in the contact information, but no specific office address. Nor does it provide a list of professors on its admissions page. 6. Has a bad record. Many "Clayton Universities" have bad records such as deportations, suspensions, fines, etc. by their state governments. Identifying "Clayton University": First, second, and third, there are more than 10,000 universities in the United States, with various names and different mechanisms. For domestic students, it is really not a problem to choose a regular university. easy. In this regard, Gao Junshan, Deputy Dean of the School of Management, University of Science and Technology Beijing, who has many years of experience in cooperation with American universities, suggested that to identify "Clayton University", one should look at it, check it twice, and weigh it three times. The first step is to be seated. See if the admissions school meets the six "characteristics" of "Clayton University" mentioned above, as long as one matches, then you have to be careful. The second step is to verify the identity. The accreditation system of American universities is an important means to ensure the quality of their education. Therefore, when Chinese students choose, they must choose those accredited schools. The accreditation work of American universities is not undertaken by government departments, but entrusted to professional accreditation agencies. The accreditation of university education qualifications is in charge of the six major regional accreditation agencies in the United States. As long as you log on to the website of the accreditation agency in the region where the admission school is located, you can find out whether it is formal. The third step is to weigh the amount. For some new universities that have not yet participated in the accreditation, you can check their weight by searching online. The easiest way to do this is to go to Yahoo USA, enter the name of the college that is recruiting into the search bar, and if only a few messages or none come up, it's basically "Clayton University." Another way is to check the admissions university website or webpage. If there are ambiguities in terms of campus facilities, full-time teachers, professional settings, academic arrangements, admission requirements, etc., be careful.