Travel to Europe by yourself: three steps to save money on food, lodging, travel, etc. Due to the exchange rate, Chinese people are somewhat at a loss when traveling in Europe - 1,000 RMB is only equivalent to 90 or more European oceans, so when traveling in Europe, you always feel that you can't help spending money. Unless you are a master of money in China, you are never allergic to the price. If you are not an ordinary self-funded tourist who can be called "a money", then some of the experiences I listed below can be used for you in Europe. Use it as a reference when traveling. First of all, if you are under the age of 26, then congratulations - most countries in Europe have preferential policies for students and youth - for example, the train ticket for 20 European countries, if you are under 26 years old You can buy a second-class ticket, and the price is almost equal to 60% or 30% of the first-class ticket. The same is true for hotels. Many hotels offer discounts for young people under the age of 26. Of course, this does not mean that more than A 26-year-old can't save money on a trip to Europe, after all a train ticket is just an expense for travel, and there are plenty of places where you can have fun and save money. Let’s talk about accommodation first: If you insist on staying in a single room, there are chain cheap hotels all over Europe. In order to avoid the suspicion of advertising, I won’t mention any specific cheap hotel chains here. You can find this information online. found. Youth hostels and campsites are good options if you're willing to take a bite. There are only a few youth hostels in Europe that limit the age of guests, and most do not. I tried booking hostels online before going to Europe - if you're traveling strictly according to your plan, booking is a good way to ensure you don't sleep on the streets. But for a host like me who doesn't want to make too detailed travel plans in advance, but can change the time and itinerary at any time by temperament, it is basically impossible to book hotels in advance. But I managed to travel around Europe for two and a half months without sleeping on the streets or spending a fortune in luxury hotels, and there's a trick here - this is a travel secret that I've come up with from my own personal experience. Because I tried to book the youth hostel in the next city many times and failed - basically I encountered a situation of full capacity, I tried to use the strategy of saving the country by the curve - or use my mobile phone to call the local host before departure or after arriving at the destination. Famous youth hostel make a reservation by calling - even if you don't call, you might as well go directly - in most cases you will be told that the day is full - don't be afraid to hear such news, it should be expected , you can then ask the waiter if there are any available beds on the second day or even the third day - if so, book the hotel for the second and third day immediately, and it is best to hand over the room payment, then you have the right and reason Leave the heaviest luggage to them for safekeeping - be careful, don't put too valuable things in the checked luggage, because there is no one in the European youth hostel to take care of your luggage for you, and the wrong situation cannot be ruled out . After you put down the heaviest luggage, you will ask the waiter to tell you where there are youth hostels nearby. It is best to ask him to help you make a phone call - at least let him provide you with one or two similar hotels, where he provides you It's probably where you'll end up that night. Youth hostels in Europe usually cost between 10 and 30 euros. Basically, the price is more than 20 euros. Although it is a bunk in a multi-person room, because the people staying are light-handed, it will basically not affect your sleep quality. The price of the campsite is even lower than that of the youth hostel, but most of them are not in the city center - fortunately, the cities in Europe are not very big, and if you drive by yourself, you can also consider it. As for the family hotel called B&B, it depends on the place. B&Bs in many places are not cheap. It should be noted that if you travel during the annual summer vacation, it is best to book a hotel in the next city, otherwise it is likely to make you bite the bullet and spend more money to stay in a luxury hotel - unless you can eat like some Europeans. Bit bitter - sleeping on the street. Let's eat. Eating in Europe will make you feel a little expensive. A meal in a restaurant is basically not less than 10 euros. Relatively speaking, McDonald's is a cheap place. A Big Mac meal is 7 euros. Or so, if you are a girl, you only need to spend one euro for the cheapest burger and one euro for a drink. In addition, the Turkish barbecue on the streets of Europe is also a good cheap food, 3 to 4 euros each, but because the amount is very large, it is enough for two people with small appetites to eat one. European tourist spots are often the most expensive places in the local area, so if you walk a little, you can find places where locals like to spend, and the price is always cheaper - this is the most obvious when drinking coffee. A cheap lot might only cost you a buck or two, while a tourist-heavy lot might cost you six or seven bucks. In fact, if you live in a youth hostel, you can buy semi-finished products in the supermarket and bring them back to the hotel's kitchen to process them yourself, which allows you to eat delicious food and properly "resist" the high prices in Europe. The tap water in Europe has basically reached the standard of direct drinking. After drinking bottled water, local Europeans are accustomed to use empty bottles to fill some tap water in case of need. There are also many drinking water places for people to drink on the streets of European cities. If you really want to pay attention to it, you might as well buy mineral water in the big supermarket, and the price is not too different from the domestic one. Say it again. It is a good idea to buy a European rail pass at home, but if you are over 26 years old, you can only buy first-class cars, so sometimes it is cheaper to buy second-class cars at the original price - especially when the journey is short. In addition, low-cost airlines in Europe often have ultra-low-cost tickets that are cheaper than domestic ones, but if you want to book tickets for low-cost airlines, you need to be in advance, and you also need a certain amount of luck. Some people want to try hitchhiking - it's much harder to hitchhike in Europe these days than it used to be. In addition, if you are traveling with three or four people, you can definitely consider renting a car - you can rent a car for only 30 euros a day in cheap areas, but it may be twice as expensive in tourist hotspots, I tried to rent a car in Rome The car went to Naples, but the price was 60 euros a day, and finally had to give up. For megacities like Paris, Berlin, and places like Venice that require constant bus rides, it's more cost-effective to buy a one-day or even multi-day bus ticket. In Paris and other cities by subway, you can also wholesale subway tickets - buying one is 1.6 euros, but buying ten tickets is only 1.1 euros each. If you are traveling with several people or need to take the subway repeatedly, wholesale is better than It's cheaper to buy zero. Now let's talk about travel tickets. Compared with China, even in absolute terms, European tourist tickets are much cheaper than domestic ones. Tickets for many world-famous scenic spots are only seven or eight euros, and some scenic spots are open for free on the first Monday or weekend of each month. , There are also time-sharing tickets for some tourist attractions. For example, if you visit Versailles in Paris after 3 pm, you can buy a discounted ticket. . . In fact, there are still some world-famous tourist attractions that are free to open, while others have varying degrees of discounts for people under the age of 26. In addition, if you are shopping in Europe, if you can catch up with the discount season, it will be time to sell. An international brand of clothing or shoes if you catch up with the discount, it will definitely be more cost-effective than buying it in China. . .