Sina Sports News on November 6, Beijing time, the Pistons beat the Bobcats 97-90 at home, ending the five-game losing streak at the beginning of the new season. Tracy McGrady made his first start this season, playing 22 minutes and scoring 10 points on 3-of-6 shooting, with three rebounds and two assists. This statistic is appalling compared to Tracy McGrady at his peak, but for the current Tracy McGrady, it is already a relatively satisfactory performance, because his role in the Pistons is not really the main force. As a backup point guard, ready to take the top at any time, and completing tactical tasks is to realize his own value. Taking the starting position in the sixth game of the new season seems to be a good start for the gradually aging McGrady. You know, when McGrady moved from the Rockets to the Knicks last season, he had not played a starter for a year. The last time he appeared in the Rockets' starting lineup was on February 10, 2009, where he played 25 minutes and scored only 3 points and 3 rebounds in a 112-124 loss to the Bucks. The last time he started on behalf of the Knicks was on April 12, 2010. After another 210 days, Tracy McGrady started again. Will he be able to secure this position again in the Pistons this time? The answer is probably no. Tracy McGrady was able to start today. On the one hand, his state has improved. He scored 9 points, 4 rebounds and 3 steals in the game with the Eagles. On the other hand, it was because the Pistons starting point guard Rodney Stuckey and the coach Kuster had a conflict, contradicted the coach in front of the team, and was banned. After the game, Pistons coach Custer specially praised Tracy McGrady's performance. He said, "Tracy McGrady is in good shape now. He controls the rhythm of the game perfectly." With the coach's praise, can Tracy McGrady rest easy? The answer is even more negative. Kuster is satisfied with Tracy McGrady's state, based on his position as a backup point guard. In the fourth quarter, Tracy McGrady was pushed back to the bench, not because his state was not good enough, but because this is the tactical arrangement, the critical moment. It's not time for McGrady's show. If the current state can continue, if McGrady can clearly realize his position, then the former NBA scoring champion in the Pistons should not be too bad prospects. The most valuable thing for a person is to see oneself clearly, which is especially important for Tracy McGrady now. (Chen drunk)