E-sports players TED and SYC are guests on Sina chat video, all netizens Good afternoon! Host Yin Jun: Hello, dear netizens, welcome to Sina Studio. I am host Yin Jun. Many netizens also like to play video games. There is a virtual sports meeting in e-sports. The two I invited today are well-known masters in e-sports. Everyone knows and admires in e-sports. Let's get to know each other and sit next to them. Zeng Zhuo, welcome. You are called TED in the industry, and many people immediately think of Zeng Zhuo when they hear TED. The second Su Youchang, named SYC, is also known to many people in the e-sports circle. Today, most of the netizens who want to watch the live broadcast and the netizens who watch the video on the page like or admire the two very much or are very interested in e-sports, so they will watch our video program. Let's start with the topic. Like the two now well-known e-sports players, were they children who were addicted to video games when they were young? TED: I’ve liked to play games since I was a child. I feel very interested in this aspect, and it’s a good game. Host Yin Jun: What was your biggest wish at that time? TED: My biggest wish is to be a hacker, related to games. Host Yin Jun: I didn't know there was e-sports at that time? TED: At that time, there was no e-sports at all, it was just playing. Host Yin Jun: I don't think the age gap between us is too big. We didn't play it when we were young. It's all Super Mario, and we started playing games like this. TED: From the earliest games, basically every stage of the game has been played. Host Yin Jun: At that time, did you ever think about doing game-related work in the future? TED: I thought about it. Host Yin Jun: There is a lot of pressure from parents, how does this child like to play games, will it delay learning, I have been affected by this anyway. TED: When I was young, I was affected. I worked hard and did well in exams, so I wouldn't be criticized. Host Yin Jun: Let's talk about Su Youchao, were you a game fan when you were young? SYC: All the games that you like to play, both red and white, keep playing. Host Yin Jun: What level did those games play? SYC: They are all stand-alone games, just play through customs. Host Yin Jun: Now get me the red and white machine, it may be difficult for me to clear customs. What was your biggest wish or ideal when playing games as a child? SYC: There was nothing at that time, I just wanted to study hard and work hard, but I didn't think about it. At that time, there was no e-sports at all, and it was impossible for the red and white machines to fight against the red and white machines. There was no such idea. Host Yin Jun: What was your career ideal or life orientation at that time? SYC: I didn't think about it at the time. I just wanted to go to university. As I get older, I will have what I want to do. Host Yin Jun: I just take games as a hobby. Maybe I entered this field later, and now I think it may feel a bit coincidental, some chance. SYC: Yes. Host Yin Jun: The two are in the same team, and they each became professional game players. The paths are different. Please tell us about SYC. The children who used to play red and white machines have now become professional e-sports players. ? SYC: It used to be like a red and white machine that could not have confrontation. I didn’t know my level. Later, with the advent of computers and the Internet, games can communicate between people on the Internet, that is, between people. At that time, when I was actually studying, I was about seventeen or eighteen years old, and I couldn’t have a lot of time to play. I only played on Saturdays and Sundays. Among my classmates, of course, I played the best. Later, after graduation and work, because our game had a special platform for opponents, there was a ranking in China at that time, and the top ten Chinese players participated in the competition. At that time, I played for a month and played for a few hours when I got home from get off work. I always liked it very much. After playing this game, I participated in the competition, qualified, and went to Beijing to participate in the China-Korea competition. I felt that I had a little talent. Host Yin Jun: Didn't have such a clear goal at the beginning? SYC: This thing is only known to people when they compete and communicate with each other. After communicating with others, they find that they are ok. Host Yin Jun: I didn't think I was so strong before I played against others. SYC: Never thought about it. Host Yin Jun: Is it true that many people are talented at playing games well? SYC: I feel a bit related too. Moderator Yin Jun: You asked me to play this game, and then put in and train again. It seems that I can't reach that level that some people can achieve. Humans have different brain structures. Let's take a look at Zeng Zhuo. How did he go from a kid who played red and white machines to a competitive player that everyone admires now? TED: I gave it by coincidence. The earliest time I played Warcraft was when I was in the second semester of junior high school, and I was about to take the high school entrance examination. When I was a freshman in high school, I participated in a small competition and won the fourth place, and I didn't care at that time. I came home from school on Saturday to play and felt like I loved this. That is, on Saturdays and Sundays, I will spend a lot of time playing, playing a lot of small games, replaying several games in a row, winning three firsts, and participating in the national finals. The captain of my current strategy was the one who took a fancy to me at that time and asked me for some ideas. , and also about the idea of asking me if I have a career. Most look at people. Host Yin Jun: When SYC participated in the competition, it was not with a clear goal. Maybe it was because of the urge to like or want to play the game. Did you have a clear goal at the time? TED: No, I was just a fool at the time. As soon as I could play it, I wanted to give it a try, because the competition, like the previous exams, was a test for myself. This test doesn’t mean anything, I just want to gain a sense of accomplishment. Host Yin Jun: When I was in middle school, parents definitely didn't want to play games. You also played on Saturdays and Sundays. TED: I used to live on campus and didn't have time to touch a computer. Moderator Yin Jun: Some people don't even go to school, they hang on the game all day, and they haven't played well on Saturday and Sunday like you. Does this mean that they are born with a certain inspiration, perception, or game play? A little brighter than others. TED: I think it's a way of thinking about problems. If two people lose in a confrontation, it's easy for me to summarize where I lost and it's easy to improve. Moderator Yin Jun: You are good at summarizing. SYC will you also summarize? SYC: Yes, I think I learn faster. If I lose to him now, I can win him in a few days and learn from others. Host Yin Jun: You will learn from each other's methods. SYC: Will learn his style of play and tactics. Host Yin Jun: Have you ever tested your IQ, and your IQ is among your peers? TED: Not tested. Host Yin Jun: I heard that if you play games well, your IQ is slightly higher than the average person. Because you have become a professional player, your life may be a little different than before, or what kind of changes have you made? For you, Su Youchao, how has your life changed since you became a professional player? SYC: Actually, this game is on that platform. China's network conditions are very poor. After I just wanted to get the ranking, I wanted to try to become a professional player. To achieve a professional player, you must practice. Upside down, I can only practice at night, sleep during the day, for half a year and a year, and usually because I play games, I don’t go out very much, and I meet my former good friends less and less often. All in all, it was pretty hard work. Host Yin Jun: I paid a lot. On the one hand, it is time to interact with everyone, on the other hand, day and night are reversed. Are you still living your day and night upside down? SYC: Not now. Now that the Chinese network is better and the Chinese players are better, there is no need for this. Host Yin Jun: Why was it at night? SYC: At that time, the level of the Koreans was relatively strong, and the level of the Chinese was not comparable to that of the Koreans. I practiced more with the Koreans, and it was much easier to participate in Chinese competitions, so I always fought against the Koreans and learned their style of play and tactics. Host Yin Jun: Do you have more time to communicate with others now?