Palstein: Bernanke should be re-elected. A deep understanding of the financial crisis enables it to help Congress build new regulatory structures and implement reforms. Here's a synopsis of the article: A popular indoor game for Americans this summer has been speculation about whether Ben Bernanke will be re-elected Fed chairman, or whether President Obama will name his most trusted economic adviser, Lawrence Summer. Lawrence Summers made his mark on the Fed by being chairman of the Federal Reserve. But before speculating on who will be the Fed's next chair, it's worth thinking about what exactly that is, and it's time for a reorientation of the Fed chair's role. Whenever it is heavily criticized, the Fed's response has always been to condemn behavior that endangered its independence. But if you think about it, the biggest threat to the Fed's independence is not from outside, but from itself: Fed presidents and governors, in order to get re-elected, they have begun to tilt policy to win the favor of the White House or Wall Street Criticize policies that hurt the economy. There are two simple and easy ways to solve this problem. The U.S. Congress can extend the term of the Fed chairman from four to six years, but remove the possibility of re-election; end the current practice of appointing new directors to fill the remaining terms of outgoing directors, all new directors should have a 14-year term, but cannot re-elected. One problem the president has encountered in his search for a suitable candidate for Fed chair is that it is difficult to come up with a new face. People usually think of some prominent academics, CEOs of major Wall Street banks, current or former Treasury ministers, most of whom have little or no experience managing monetary policy, banking supervision, or dealing with financial crises. In theory, other Fed governors have these experiences; in practice, Fed governors have not displayed the intellectual ability and political acumen required for the chairmanship, or have been excluded from the opportunity to demonstrate their competence. One of the ways to build a better system of Fed chair development is to give other governors more power and influence, give them more exposure and raise the bar for appointment. This is not cause for concern if the result of this is a more divergent Fed decision-making process. The “traditional recipe” that central banks must “speak with one voice” in order not to disrupt markets has now turned into an excuse for too much centralization of the chair. There are also legislative concerns about the excessive concentration of power and responsibility in the Fed. The financial crises that erupted over the past 20 years have highlighted the crucial role of the Federal Reserve as lender of last resort and systemic risk regulator, in addition to setting monetary policy. Given these priorities, Congress should require the Federal Reserve to abandon day-to-day oversight of the banking industry and transfer those responsibilities to a separate regulator; it should also force the Fed to transfer oversight of excessive borrowing to the agency proposed by President Obama. Consumer Protection Agency. So, who is the right person to run a stripped-down Fed? The answer: Ben Bernanke. Indeed, Bernanke's record as Fed chairman is not impeccable. He was wrong to deny that there was a housing bubble, a wider credit bubble, and a speculative commodity bubble, and he was wrong to argue that the Fed could do nothing but clean up those bubbles after they burst. But during this crisis, Bernanke has been brave and creative in deciding to do whatever was necessary to prevent a financial meltdown. As Wall Street Journal veteran columnist David Wessel says in his new book, "In Fed We Trust," Bernanke has won the trust of key congressional leaders and has successfully a crucial behind-the-scenes coordinator role. As the chairman of the Fed, Bernanke shared power and responsibilities with other members in a different way, forming a new spirit of joint power. As an academic and crisis manager, his deep understanding of financial crises makes him uniquely capable of helping Congress build new regulatory structures and implement reforms. (Xingya)