The Lakers have a problem that cannot be solved. They have worked hard to get back to him. Should he start? Sina Sports News Beijing time on November 7th news, the Lakers coach Phil Jackson had previously told the media team center Andrew Bynum Will return on Thanksgiving, and according to the "Los Angeles Times" investigation, after Bynum returns, fans are still more inclined to let Lamar Odom return to the bench. The state of Odom and Bynum has been very different from the beginning of training camp: Odom participated in the World Championships with the US team in the summer, and entered the Lakers training camp in quite good shape; Bynum was in In the summer, he had surgery to torn the outer meniscus of his right knee and missed the Lakers' season opener. Lamar Odom's performance in the playoffs was sluggish last season, but he played quite all-round in the first five games of this season, making those who clamored to trade him shut up; and Bynum was in the playoffs last season. He fought with injuries and performed well. Although he has been out this season so far, fans are still full of expectations for his state after his comeback. Jackson said he would start with the "best five" on the team, and Odom had no concerns about whether he could get a starting spot. "It doesn't make a difference to me. You know we've won it twice. NBA championship." Both are very important members of the Lakers, and when Bynum returned from injury, the team had a hard time deciding how to start the two. Reasons for Bynum to start and Odom to substitute: Although the Lakers have won 5 games in the opening season, they have lost more than 100 points in four games. Bynum's defensive coverage will help the Lakers improve their defense. Although Bynum was limited in last season's Finals and Western Conference finals due to a knee injury, his size and physique have caused a lot of trouble for the Celtics and Suns, and his presence can be mitigated Rebounding pressure on Pau Gasol's shoulders, who can focus on playmaking. In some important games, because of Bynum's presence on the inside defensive end, it will force the opponent to change strategy. And Odom's strength is very outstanding. If he can return to the bench, it will greatly improve the depth of the Lakers' bench. When Bynum stands up from the bench, he can have more freedom to play his own characteristics. The Lakers have players such as Matt Barnes, Steve Blake and Shannon Brown on the bench, and their speed is faster, while Odom's speed has no problem at all. As a 2.13-meter-high center, Bynum may be more suitable for half-court offense and defense with the main force. The reason for Odom to start and Bynum to be a substitute: According to the current situation, Odom deserves to occupy a starting spot. In the preseason, he averaged 31.7 minutes per game and scored 10.9 points and 46.9% shooting. The team's highest 10.7 rebounds, the regular season has basically maintained the level of quasi-double-double. And Bynum's state is still unclear, whether he can well integrate into the team's main chemical reaction is still a question. And when Odom was on the court, the Lakers averaged a league-high 113 points per game. Odom contributed a lot in offensive rebounding, and his passing ability and outside shooting ability were also a big boost for the Lakers. There is currently no need to weaken Odom's role in the team. In the vote, 47.33% of fans think Bynum should start, and only 25.11% of fans think Odom should start. Of course, Bynum has always appeared in the main lineup before, and his cooperation with Gasol is also the basis of the Lakers' previous disdain for the league, and even if Odom returns to the bench, his playing time will not be reduced too much. , he can still make enough contributions. (Three) Sina Sports News Beijing time on November 7th news, Lakers coach Phil Jackson had previously told the media team center Andrew Bynum will be back on Thanksgiving, and according to the "Los Angeles Times" investigation, Bynum After Naum returned to the team, fans still prefer to let Lamar Odom return to the bench. The state of Odom and Bynum has been very different from the beginning of training camp: Odom participated in the World Championships with the US team in the summer, and entered the Lakers training camp in quite good shape; Bynum was in In the summer, he had surgery to torn the outer meniscus of his right knee and missed the Lakers' season opener. Lamar Odom's performance in the playoffs was sluggish last season, but he played quite all-round in the first five games of this season, making those who clamored to trade him shut up; and Bynum was in the playoffs last season. He fought with injuries and performed well. Although he has been out this season so far, fans are still full of expectations for his state after his comeback. Jackson said he would start with the "best five" on the team, and Odom had no concerns about whether he could get a starting spot. "It doesn't make a difference to me. You know we've won it twice. NBA championship." Both are very important members of the Lakers, and when Bynum returned from injury, the team had a hard time deciding how to start the two. Reasons for Bynum to start and Odom to substitute: Although the Lakers have won 5 games in the opening season, they have lost more than 100 points in four games. Bynum's defensive coverage will help the Lakers improve their defense. Although Bynum was limited in last season's Finals and Western Conference finals due to a knee injury, his size and physique have caused a lot of trouble for the Celtics and Suns, and his presence can be mitigated Rebounding pressure on Pau Gasol's shoulders, who can focus on playmaking. In some important games, because of Bynum's presence on the inside defensive end, it will force the opponent to change strategy. And Odom's strength is very outstanding. If he can return to the bench, it will greatly improve the depth of the Lakers' bench. When Bynum stands up from the bench, he can have more freedom to play his own characteristics. The Lakers have players such as Matt Barnes, Steve Blake and Shannon Brown on the bench, and their speed is faster, while Odom's speed has no problem at all. As a 2.13-meter-high center, Bynum may be more suitable for half-court offense and defense with the main force. The reason for Odom to start and Bynum to be a substitute: According to the current situation, Odom deserves to occupy a starting spot. In the preseason, he averaged 31.7 minutes per game and scored 10.9 points and 46.9% shooting. The team's highest 10.7 rebounds, the regular season has basically maintained the level of quasi-double-double. And Bynum's state is still unclear, whether he can well integrate into the team's main chemical reaction is still a question. And when Odom was on the court, the Lakers averaged a league-high 113 points per game. Odom contributed a lot in offensive rebounding, and his passing ability and outside shooting ability were also a big boost for the Lakers. There is currently no need to weaken Odom's role in the team. In the vote, 47.33% of fans think Bynum should start, and only 25.11% of fans think Odom should start. Of course, Bynum has always appeared in the main lineup before, and his cooperation with Gasol is also the basis of the Lakers' previous disdain for the league, and even if Odom returns to the bench, his playing time will not be reduced too much. , he can still make enough contributions. (three children)