Record: Jackie Chan and the top three in the legend of the dragon are guests to choose the successor of the martial arts star Sina Entertainment News On the evening of July 26, the large-scale TV selection event for "Descendants of the Dragon", which lasted for more than a year, ended at the foot of the Great Wall. blog) came to stand in person, Han Sanping, Woo Yusen, Wu Siyuan (blog), Tsui Hark, Zheng Peipei (blog), Tang Jili, Chen Daoming, Gao Yuanyuan (blog) also came to support. In the end, Tu Shengcheng came out on top and became Jackie Chan's personal disciple. The runner-up and third runner-up were won by Yang Zheng and Yi Yang respectively. At 13:00 on the 30th, Jackie Chan and the top three "Descendants of the Dragon" visited Sina to reveal the behind-the-scenes story of Jackie Chan's apprenticeship and talk about his future work plans. The following is the record of this chat: (Host makeup and styling: Yi Ming Plastic Arts School) Dear Sina netizens, hello everyone! "Dragon Descendants" three strong self-introduction host Zhao Ning: Welcome all Sina netizens, welcome our big brother Jackie Chan, welcome our three newly released "Dragon Descendants", say hello to our netizens, especially the three of us Kung Fu boy, do you want to introduce yourself to your friends? Jackie Chan: I don't need an introduction, he'll start (laughs) Tu Shengcheng: Hello everyone, I'm Tu Shengcheng, from Los Angeles, USA. Yang Zheng: Hello everyone, my name is Yang Zheng, from Tianjin. Yi Yang: Hello everyone, my name is Yi Yang, from New York, USA. Jackie Chan paid close attention to the whole process of "Descendants of the Dragon" to choose the successor of martial arts stars. Host Zhao Ning: Welcome to the three newly released top three players. I saw that Jackie Chan did not come to the competition site every time, but he followed the progress of the entire competition in the form of DV. I would like to ask you how you feel for more than a year? Jackie Chan: I'm very happy. I have this concept from the very beginning. It has been many years, but it has not been realized. I really thank Beijing TV, the Forbidden City, and Han Sanping Han's company. I am a very ordinary eater. When you talk about it, what do you have to do? I said opening a school, I said it was hard to do, I also wanted to find some new ones, "Descendants of the Dragon" is not the successor of Jackie Chan, but the successor of some new martial arts stars, just like we help you realize it, just do it Bar. As soon as I do it, I regret it. There are a lot of things to do, but I don’t think people will have a lot of questions. The more questions they have, the more I have to do it well. I said that I am not a showman. Over the years, I have won a lot of new people from every movie, but I can only support one person at a time. I can only support one person in a movie, or a heroine or a supporting actor. I said I don't need a show, and I do it when a lot of people have questions. There are many difficulties, many difficulties, and then I get a lot of netizens. Why is it only from China and not from foreign countries? I started it abroad again, but it was slow to start at that time, and it became only the United States, the United Kingdom, and France. Many people said it was unfair. Why, it was a mess. It's a mess abroad, but it's still a positive thing, because too many people signed up, and from 200,000 tens of thousands of people, they picked these three from more than a year today, wow, it's really not easy. Moderator Zhao Ning: It's really like the road to learning martial arts, full of ups and downs. Jackie Chan: Yes, because at the back, I gave them the big one, what is that called? Moderator Zhao Ning: Suggestions? Jackie Chan: Suggestion, yes, that suggestion is that a lot of people think that I really want to find someone who can play kung fu, but it's not. I want to find a multi-faceted person. If I look for kung fu, I might as well go to a martial arts school. There are too many, I am looking for a multi-faceted one, and now you are a martial arts star, you just know how to fight, that is not enough. In the future, martial arts stars must be well-rounded. The road to learning martial arts is full of ups and downs. Host Zhao Ning: What else do you need? Jackie Chan: Wow, first of all you have to be international, and your English must be very good, right? Moderator Zhao Ning: Yes. Jackie Chan: You can play, you must be able to act, you must be able to dance, you must be able to sing, you must be able to play an instrument, you must be able to play the piano, preferably you are good at everything, I don't want you to be able to play the piano at grade ten, at least for two , at least you can, after singing, at least you can't be tone deaf, then there's no help, at least you can do everything, just like me (laughs) everything can be a little bit, but I don't mean very professional, but I have everything both. After they are really picked out, they will be taught lighting, shots, editing, and on-site. If they are actors now, the new generation of actors will include many new martial arts actors. Many of them do not understand, because they are acting, After the show haha, go home. We used to be in the dubbing room, and the dubbing effects were all composed by myself. That leg is all wrong. When I'm back, I punch three times. They always do this. I say it's not good-looking, but I punch it twice. Do you think it sounds good or it sounds good? Then you can add it to me. These things used to be fun, and I will learn them slowly. Wow, it turns out that I am so much better than others. I don't care who is the director, and when I'm an actor myself, move the camera a little further and lower. After that, which one will I pick up from? You can't make a hundred moves. After three moves, which one will you pick up from? Four moves cannot be connected from the fifth move, and it will be ugly to cut. If you play six moves, you have to start from five and a half moves. Many people do not understand. Moderator Zhao Ning: I think I'm crazy. I think it's too difficult to be a kung fu star. Jackie Chan: So why do my actions look better than others? Moderator Zhao Ning: Because you spend more effort than others. Jackie Chan: I researched, for example, I jumped over this chair, should I pick it up from here? Incorrect. Moderator Zhao Ning: It doesn't look good. Jackie Chan: Re-jump once, be sure to re-jump and connect it again. I can teach people all these things slowly, but if you understand it, it doesn't mean you understand it. Besides, if I take them to cut, I will definitely make that film. Put it on my first edition and cut it for them. The martial arts instructors of the Martial Arts class that taught me before, I cut one for them, I left, and they were still messing up when I came back. You see, the director is now in the United States. Now I have an apprentice in Australia, and now he is the martial arts instructor for several blockbuster films. And that little green man, he is also the martial arts instructor for foreign films. Jackie Chan taught by words and deeds on the scene and shed tears for the female players. Host Zhao Ning: Is this your big apprentice? Jackie Chan: There are a lot of me. Over the years, I have had a family of fifty or sixty people, both large and small. Now I have recently been promoted to a director, and now Jun He is the one who is in charge of this. Have trained a lot. Moderator Zhao Ning: Then they still mainly do the work of martial arts instructors or directors, but they have not cultivated or become a kung fu star. The explanation is still different, especially difficult? Jackie Chan: Some can be taught, but you can't do it. Like He Jun, he can teach, but if you call him an actor, he can't. Do you understand? If I could, I would be an actor long ago. But they will teach you how to do it on the spot. You don't do well in this play, but if you come to play it, he doesn't understand. Some people's training is like this. Moderator Zhao Ning: I saw that the three kung fu boys of us were really fascinated by what they listened to. It was rare to hear the words and deeds of Jackie Chan. I know that you have actually learned a lot because of the competition in more than a year. I also saw a lot of thrills on TV, including some actions that some action doubles have to perform, but... Jackie Chan: They , I won't talk about the men. I shed tears after watching these women. These three women have done a lot of moves that the female star has never done. Really, they have to jump down from the ten-meter platform. , who can't swim, jumped down in order to give them extra points, I'm very moved, she is at that moment, like Michelle Yeoh jumping, we will all be afraid, afraid of her accident, will find a substitute, it is really not easy for them to reach the end , but it is really a good life experience for them, no matter if three of them win today and the others lose, it doesn't mean they lose, they have learned too many things, too many precious things, it's life not reach. Your short eight months, although it is very hard, but they will never forget these eight months, but when you want to use it on the set after these eight months, he will be like, how can I know so much? You are stronger than others, don't be lazy, really. I am martial arts at the same time today, and I am also a martial artist, why would I be the first to be a martial arts instructor, because I have a goal, I want to be a martial arts instructor, I never thought I would be an actor, I am not beautiful, nor Not handsome, I used to hide behind the set board and gamble for money in the beginning. I have already lost all my money before I started work today, and I have no mood. Then I asked myself, is my life like this? What is my goal? My goal is to be a martial arts instructor. I found a goal. From that day on, I stopped gambling, and I watched from a distance how the martial arts instructor communicated with the director first, how to speak forcefully on the scene, and how to watch the camera. I was a martial arts instructor at the age of 18. Wow, I brought a few good brothers of my own, like a mutiny, I came out here, you and me. Is this really the case, come out, be a martial arts instructor, bully the photographer, put 50, 50? Ah, how much should it be? 75, 50 is over, then 75. He was shaking when he spoke, seeing what kind of cigarettes he was eating, Master every day, ah, what are you putting on? Put a 40, okay, put it. I hate myself why do I do this? In the future, if you don’t study enough, if you think you have enough, you will be bullied by others, go back to martial arts, and then be a deputy martial arts instructor, standing next to you and studying every day, after finishing the same photographer, I will be a martial arts instructor again. , 40? It's 40. If you go against it, I want to go against it! I'm going against it! Because after I reversed it, I had a way to get it right. When he got there, he wanted to buy cigarettes for me to smoke. Because of the martial arts instructor, how could I bully you as a photographer? There is no possibility, that is, you have achieved your own kung fu, and you will have this momentum there at the scene. If you don't, you will be bullied. Jackie Chan made his debut as an actor and warned young people to endure more hardships. Host Zhao Ning: Then you became an actor later? Jackie Chan: That was my accident. That was me teaching a person to die. Because the actor was very beautiful, he would find a substitute for every fight. , take a breath, die again, he can't do well, I am the martial arts instructor, I teach him how to do this, do I understand? He has been teaching, he does not understand, and the people next to him have been watching. Later, the producer said, "It's not as good as you being an actor in the next drama?" I said I can't, no, I watch you teach the show, and you can be a stand-in again. I'm a stand-in to make money. I said that after two punches and a back foot, I know you won't lose your back foot. What should I do? It doesn't matter, I'll replace it, I'll replace it, 150, I'll teach you at that time, anyway, I'll teach you to play a back foot to earn it, because I can't kick you many times a day, and it's over once, just pick that Yuehua, I Said Yuehua, jump up and roll, draw your sword, no, I'll do it for you. Anyway, when I was the male lead, I replaced all the actors, and I made money (laughs). Look at the male lead for those supporting roles, because I am the martial arts instructor in every play.