The United States will repair the Hubble in October to prepare a space rescue shuttle Risky but significant space shuttle mission to repair the Hubble Space Telescope. It may be the last time that veteran space shuttle commander Scott Altman and his crew prepare to visit the iconic space telescope on the space shuttle Atlantis this October, This may be NASA's last trip to the Hubble Space Telescope for repairs. By August 11, the Hubble telescope had orbited the Earth 100,000 times. "What we want to do is repair the Hubble Space Telescope and keep it running for as long as possible," Altaman said in a series of interviews released by NASA Some instruments are being overhauled." The crew on this Hubble repair mission with Altman will be space shuttle pilot Gregory Jensen, mission specialist Megan MacArthur and spacewalker Andrew Pfister Bill, Michael Good, John Grunsfield and Michael Massimimo. With the exception of Altman, Grunsfield and Massimimo, who are seasoned veterans, the other astronauts on Atlantis are all first-time spaceflight missions. Repair Astronauts in Distress Endeavour will lift off to the rescue However, their mission is not without risks. Unlike all NASA space shuttle missions that took place after the Columbia disaster in 2003, Atlantis was not flying to the International Space Station, so once their The space shuttle's heat shield was badly damaged, and these astronauts couldn't use the space station as a refuge waiting for foreign aid. Hubble orbits higher above Earth, at a different angle to the space station's orbit, so if Atlantis is damaged, the astronauts on it won't be able to reach the space station. To avoid this, NASA will always be ready to launch a second space shuttle, the Atlantis sister plane Endeavour, carrying four astronauts on a rescue mission, which the agency hopes will A space shuttle won't come in handy. Altman and his crew will carry another 25 days' worth of food and supplies along with Hubble's new instruments, in case they need an orbital rescue. Under the rescue plan, Endeavour will rendezvous with Atlantis within 25 days, grabbing Atlantis with its robotic arm, and the astronauts will then perform a series of spacewalks mission, transferred from the damaged space shuttle to Endeavour. The return journey aboard Endeavour will be more comfortable, with 11 astronauts aboard the space shuttle, which once carried up to eight people. "It's difficult to get to a place that doesn't have a shelter like a space station," Altman said. "Although the likelihood of an accident is very small, it's a great feeling to have a plan in place to prevent this from happening." Comfortable." NASA initially canceled Atlantis' STS-125 mission to repair Hubble after the Columbia accident in 2003 that killed seven crew members . The agency later resumed spaceflight missions, initially with a remote-controlled mission, and then with a crewed flight over the general disapproval of many scientists and the public. While the absence of a space station as a safe haven increases the risk factor for a mission to the Hubble Space Telescope, Atlantis astronauts say the risk is worthwhile. This latest mission is the fifth and final NASA mission to the observatory since the Hubble Space Telescope was launched in April 1990, and is expected to extend Hubble's lifespan through at least 2013. Make it more effective than ever. Grunsfield, an astronomer-turned-astronaut, is on his fifth spaceflight mission and his third to the Hubble Observatory. "The Hubble Space Telescope is amazing," he said. "It has answered most of the fundamental questions about the universe that have been asked since humans have been able to ask questions." Grunsfeld and his spacewalking partners, Massimimo, Feith Tur and Goode will perform five consecutive spacewalks to replace Hubble's batteries and gyroscope; connect and dock instruments; repair instruments that were never scheduled for repair work in space and install a new camera and other instruments. MacArthur will wield Atlantis' robotic arm to grab the Hubble Space Telescope and help the astronauts begin their orbital work. "I think it was a wonderful and special moment for all of us," MacArthur said of leaving Hubble after the mission. "Now I don't know how it would feel." Bo telescope maintenance plan announced that the function will be enhanced by 90 times (picture)