The All-Star Golf Charity Tournament raised more than 420,000 yuan for the Yushu disaster area. Charity competition. The public welfare competition was co-sponsored by the Beijing Performing Artists Association, the Management Committee of Huzhou Taihu Tourism Resort, and the Austrian New World Group, and received strong support and assistance from the relevant departments of the local government. Due to the arrival of many stars, Huzhou, a small pearl town located at the end of Taihu Lake, exudes a brighter light. As the host course of the All-Star Golf Charity Competition, Huzhou Hot Spring Golf Course is a just-completed 18-hole mountain landscape course. The relaxed and happy mood added a bit of challenge and excitement to the game. The arrival of the All-Star Golf Team has become the first group of guests from afar on the course. The schedule of this charity tournament is two days. The first day and 24th is the first monthly regular tournament of the All-Star Golf Team in 2010. As a non-profit non-profit organization, the All-Star Golf Team has always advocated "noble sports and a charitable mind". He Ping, the captain of the All-Star Golf Team and a famous director, revealed before the game that during the trip to Huzhou, the All-Star Golf Team will join hands with the Huzhou Municipal Government to jointly establish the "Zhongao·Schönbrunn Palace" Taihu Water Public Welfare Fund, which will be used for food delivery. Algae fish control the water pollution problem of South Tai Lake. At the same time, it will continue the afforestation activities of "adding some green to the earth" and claim the 1,000-meter-long "star forest". After the intense competition on the 24th, the men's and women's overall championships in this monthly regular season were won by Zhu Shimao with a score of 87 and Song Xiaobo with a score of 88. Due to the earthquake in Yushu, Qinghai, after the low-key kick-off of the All-Star Golf Tournament, the players devoted themselves to charity activities. Under the initiative of the players, the team set up 4 charities on the green of the golf course. Donate to the par-3 hole, hoping to do our part to help people in need during the Yushu earthquake. As of the end of the competition on the 25th, a total of 26,376.1 yuan has been raised on the field. What is particularly touching is that the two 7-year-old players who participated in the pairing competition also donated their pocket money. The charity auction dinner that night was full of warmth and emotion. For our common Yushu, for our common brothers and sisters, the members of the All-Star team and the caring people of the business community in Huzhou have generously donated their money and enthusiastically auctioned them. The final price of RMB 300,000 and The price of RMB 100,000 was successfully auctioned for all players of the All-Star golf team signed a golf bag and a Huzhou local painter Liu Zupeng's ink painting "Purple Qi East Comes to the East to Celebrate More". So far, the event has raised a total of RMB 426,376.1. All the funds raised will be donated to the Yushu Orphanage where Hong Kong Volunteer Ah Fu once served to help victims of the earthquake. Traumatized orphans. After the charity auction, He Ping, the captain of the All-Star team, said: "The members of the All-Star Golf Team hope to do something silently for the society. The contribution and attention of the soul are often more important than the pure monetary donation. We hope to avoid the comparison of donations. , caring for those in need with heart. Our team members have been silently donating to our Performing Artists Charity Foundation. We hope this fund can continue to play a role. In the planning direction of the charitable fund in the future, we hope to help more There are artistic talents but poor family backgrounds to realize their dreams. With the inclusion of golf in the Olympic Games, the training and reserve of young golf players in the future has also attracted more and more attention. We will also prepare for the funding and training of future golf stars. work, help them find professional golf coaches and clubs, and cultivate more future stars." It is reported that the next monthly tournament of the All-Star Golf Team will be held in Shangbang, Chongqing from May 23 to 26.