LeBron's 20+7+10 was blown away by his best friend. Sina Sports News Beijing time on November 6th, the Heat lost to the Hornets 93-96 away, the second defeat of the season. Although LeBron James had excellent data of 20 points, 7 rebounds and 10 assists, he was completely defeated by his good friend Chris Paul in terms of organizing the team. Today's game, regardless of the outcome, James and Paul's offense and defense can be described as extremely exciting, and the dominant party is not James, but Paul. After the first quarter, the queen bee has already sent 9 assists, while James has only 3 times, only 1/3 of his friend's, and there are not many bright spots in scoring, only one breakthrough Trevor Ariza's dunk. More importantly, James can be said to fully reflect the gap with Paul in terms of organizing offense. Although the two are not directly facing each other, James can be said to be the actual point guard of the Heat. From the first quarter, the task of organizing the attack for the Heat has been handed over to him. In the previous four-game winning streak, James succeeded as an organizer. Therefore, the industry generally believes that James's play according to this number is the most correct, and it is the most effective tactic to exert the overall ability of the Heat. Although the emperor himself accepts such a role, one thing cannot be ignored. James' personal sacrifice in doing so is too great. His unparalleled physical quality cannot be reflected, and his scoring ability and impact are relatively weakened. James' current style of play is basically just an occasional strong attack. The other main attack method is the improved mid-range shooting compared to the past, and his strong attack is very rare. It can be said that James' personal attack power is now 50% of his full strength, and the rest of his energy is on how to improve his teammates. As an organizer, James has great advantages in the face of previous Jameel Nelson, Devin Harris, Luke Ridnour, and Zhu Holiday, but "I am not afraid of not knowing the goods, I am afraid of comparing goods" , against a master point guard like Paul, James' organizational ability was timid. It's not that the emperor is bad, but compared to Paul's strengths, he still doesn't have such a strong ability to control the game. With 3 minutes left in the fourth quarter, when the Heat caught up to 85-86 and were about to overtake, Wade managed to save a rebound that went out of the bottom line, and the ball was given to James to organize. But James accidentally stole the ball from behind Paul. Of course, James didn't suffer everywhere. In the game, James sent a nail plate big cap when Paul made a layup, and sent the data of 20+7+10 in the whole game. When the Big Three just hit the road, all the players are adjusting, including James, I believe he will find the most suitable way of playing, rather than reducing his offense by overkill now. At the last moment of the game, James finally resolutely implemented the coach's intention and adopted a foul play by forcing a breakthrough. The effect was immediate. In the last minute of the game, James made a forcible foul by Ariza, and made 2 free throws to make the Heat finally turn the score over. . Although Ariza blocked the Heat with a three-pointer in the end, and James also had the responsibility of leaking defenses, at least James gradually realized how to adjust his style of play. (Zorro)