Kobe Bryant 1 pick 3 + pass the bench and the strongman three rounds bombard the Raptors Sina Sports News Beijing time on November 6th, the Los Angeles Lakers played against the Toronto Raptors at home, for the five-game winning streak of the defending champion, continue their start Unbeaten season becomes a must. The star player Kobe Bryant also hopes to continue his strong performance. He scored a triple-double on the field, and today's opponent is the Eastern underdog who once scored 81 points. The Lakers took the lead in attacking in the opening game. Fisher missed a three-pointer. Artest also tried a three-pointer 20 seconds later and failed. The defending champion threw a three-pointer at the opening. The Raptors played a lot more seriously. Jack and DeRozan scored consecutively. After 2 minutes of the game, the Lakers scored 2 points by Odom's pull-up jumper. But 20 seconds later, Fisher struck a three-pointer again, and the Lakers already had three three-pointers in the opening 3 minutes. Kobe forced his way to the basket and hit a small hook across the fierce defense of 3 people. Lithuanian star Keleza performed well. Artest made a layup twice in a row. It seems that his good state of the World Championship has continued. After 4 minutes of playing in the first quarter, the Lakers handed the ball to Gasol for the first time. The Spaniard easily scored 2 points at the basket and began to think of the existence of Gasol in the inside. Only then could the Lakers really play their strengths. Fisher suddenly made a fuss, first made two free throws, and then used a dribble behind his back to make a layup in the fast break, and the score was tied at 10-10. The Raptors played a "Princeton" strike, and Evans passed a high-level pass from DeRozan, who made a dunk with both hands. Of course, Kobe Bryant would not allow his opponent to go wild, and he immediately returned to the basket. Feixia was obviously irritated by the good state of the Raptors, and he staged another wonderful 1v3 in the offense, hitting a one-handed thrower; 20 seconds later, it was Kobe Bryant again, who crossed consecutively and then picked up the basket lightly and scored 4 shots. 8 out of 4. During this time, Fisher also had to mention that he first made Kleiza dribble the ball and hit someone, and then succeeded in a fast break layup after successfully stealing the ball. The 36-year-old tree has a new flower today. As soon as the Lakers exerted their strength, the Raptors could not find North. In an instant, the team made 6 mistakes. Gasol followed up with fast break and dunks. The Lakers played a 10-0 climax in more than 2 minutes, 20-12. With an 8-point lead, the Raptors could only request a timeout. The current leader of the Raptors, Bargnani, had a bit of difficulty against Lamar Odom, who was tall and footsteps. He made his first goal with 1.5 minutes left in the first quarter. Kobe Bryant's strength allowed the Raptors to shoot the mouse, and they double-teamed near the three-point line, but Kobe's wonderful scoring helped Blake hit a three-pointer. Then the Lakers played a performance moment. Kobe feigned a layup on the fast break, flew in the air but flicked his wrist and passed the ball behind his head. Gasol, who followed up behind him, easily dunked. Then Blake made another three-pointer, giving the Lakers a 30-18 lead. With 2.3 seconds left in the first quarter, Kobe Bryant made another wonderful assist, and Blake made another three-pointer from the corner, and the Lakers came alive. At the end of the first quarter, the Lakers took a 33-20 lead, Kobe Bryant had 8 points and 4 assists, and Gasol also scored 8 points. The Lakers scored the first quarter with Blake, who only played 3 minutes off the bench. He made all 3 three-pointers. Among them, 3 goals were Kobe assists. (Mao Mao)