In times of crisis, he let the Rockets revive and regain their defense. Li is the strongest defender. Courtney Lee was ordered to replace the injured leader at a critical moment. He scored 11 points and 5 rebounds in 30 minutes to help the Rockets play a long-lost and strong defense. Perhaps he is the Rockets' strongest defensive defender? Being ordered to be in danger can only show the true character of a hero, this time Li almost became a hero of the Rockets. Forget about missing the crucial two free throws at the last moment. Although Li Ruo can be more stable at the free throw line, maybe the Rockets have seized the victory, but at the last moment, he played in place of the injured Kevin Martin and was 10 points behind. Li, who helped the Rockets complete the go-ahead, deserves everyone's respect and appreciation! Who was on the line when Martin sprained his ankle in the third quarter? It's him, Lee. Who helped the team equalize and overtake when the Rockets trailed by 14 points? Among them was him, Lee. When Li replaced Martin, the Rockets fell behind 68-83; in the last 5 minutes of the third quarter, Li's main task was to mark Manu Ginobili, and there was no real data contribution, but the Rockets chased the point difference to only 7 point. At 1 minute and 15 seconds into the fourth quarter, Li's three-pointer on the left helped the Rockets catch up to just 1 point away. At 3 minutes and 15 seconds, Li protected the defensive rebound again and scored a layup on a fast break. Rocket Jiang's score exceeded 3 points. At that time, Li beat his chest and feet, Yao Ming and others on the sidelines stood up and applauded, and the camera showed Martin, who had already put on the training uniform, and the man who scored the most points for the Rockets in this game was also very excited. The TV director will explain very vividly at this moment, Yao core is not on the pudding combination, both of them are injured, just when the rocket runs out of fuel, through the outbreak of one person - a resurgence! At that time, the Rockets had almost been judged to lose five games in a row. But at least Lee's self-struggle, he made the Rockets' resurgence, let us see hope. This person only played 6 minutes in the first half without scoring a point, and played 24 minutes in the second half and finally scored 11 points, 5 rebounds and 1 steal. The Rockets still failed to defeat the Spurs who had a more complete lineup and played better at crucial moments, but Lee's highlight moments are still worth reviewing over and over again, especially on the defensive end: In the critical fourth quarter and even overtime, the main focus is on defense Manu's man, changed from Sean Battier to Lee. Lee's advantages in footsteps are evident, and he is not behind Battier in terms of confrontational tenacity and understanding of the defensive system. The defensive foundation honed by the Magic, a strong defensive team, was displayed sharply at the last moment. It was also a soldier trained by Van Gundy. Fans and Fans have created a defensive warrior. In the last 9 seconds of the fourth quarter, it was a pity that Manu hit the equalizer. Li's following defense hardly gave Manu a chance to break through. He even forced the Argentine demon knife to twist his body to the limit. Manu's heel hardly stood firm, and he could be sentenced to walk after dribbling the ball a few times. Lee hit the key ball. Under such performance, Li has no regrets. Manu scored 12 points in the first half. Although he scored 16 points in the second half, his shooting percentage plummeted from 50% in the first half to 42%, which may be most related to Li's defensive contribution. Among the generals of the Yang family, there are countless stories about heroes who never came out of the world, who were usually excluded by officials of authority, and when the country was about to be destroyed, they stepped forward to defeat the Liao army. The protagonists in those stories are always low-key, loyal and undisturbed by the world. Li is such a person. When he first entered the league, the Magic valued him very much. Li also knew how to repay his gratitude and helped his club reach the finals with his consistent and tenacious performance. I don't want to, but the Magic abandoned Li for a better future. At that time, Li was full of resentment, but what he confided from his mouth was more nostalgia for the Magic and the super strong team. In that season with the Nets, the team created all kinds of shameful records, but Lee, who was once sinking, ushered in hope this summer-the Rockets traded Trevor Ariza for him in the four-team trade. Once again joining a strong team, Li regarded the Rockets as "rebirth parents". On the first day of joining the team, he expressed that he would help the Rockets become stronger, and he was full of energy. That summer, Rick Adelman saw the burning flame in Li's heart. In the preseason, he repeatedly praised Li as the person who trained hardest and in the best condition for the Rockets this summer. Li also changed his inherent image of a shooter. Proving that he can do more with multiple fly dunks in the game. Unfortunately, at the beginning of the regular season, Li's performance was as surprising as the Rockets. At the beginning of the four-game losing streak, Li also handed over a pale answer: averaging 7.5 points per game. This is a far cry from Ariza's performance when he came to power strongly, and it is also far from what people expect from Li. But today's game, we should see the value of Lee. He's the Rockets' toughest defender. He's younger than Battier, faster, more energetic, and more active on offense. He can make up for Martin's lack of defense, and he can provide the most powerful assistance when the team needs defense. Please remember Li's performance in this final stage. In the future, Ah Shuai will put the heavy responsibility of defending the country into Li's hands. He is the most loyal defender of the Rockets! (Amuro)