LeBron's inspirational commercial was spoofed by fans and turned into Zhan Run. In this re-created advertisement, some fans imitated James' advertisement and said, "Boston? Game 5? Let's see, you run away." This is obviously It was a mockery of James' 32-point loss to the Celtics in the playoffs last season. In fact, in addition to angry Cleveland fans, the famous American satirical cartoon South Park also used James's commercial to spoof it. In this 1 minute and 14 second clip, Cleveland fans are out of anger, with one fan throwing weed out and saying to the camera, "What should you do?" The screen switches to another fan. Face: "Is this still a problem?" Words such as "selfish" and "Miami" also sounded in the voice-over. Fans are still haunted by LeBron's decision to broadcast himself nationally: "You should vomit to us on national TV, thank you!" "Have I done this before?" asked in the middle: "Boston, Game 5, you gave up, we saw it." Retorted mercilessly: "Legacy? Traitors have no legacy!" Fans made the promise that LeBron once made in the short film: "I have a goal, this is a great goal, I want to serve Cleveland Bringing the championship, I won't stop until I reach it." "We just want you to do what you say..." the fan said. At the end of the credits, the words "Quitness" (a waiver) are played. No matter what results LeBron achieves in the future, in the hearts of Clevelands, this label will not be taken off. However, James himself is in a good mood, which may be related to his extensive training. "I've seen it, and some are really good," James said. "I've seen the original commercial, I've seen the South Park version, and of course I haven't missed the Cleveland version." After the question, James also laughed and joked, "I watched the Cleveland version, and I think they can do better." It seems that after the battle with Charles Barkley, James is more mature. He knows that as a sports and entertainment star, he wants to make the public happy. If so, why not learn to enjoy it? (XWT185)