Hong Kong box office overview: Hong Kong-style action film "The Commander" wins the championship (with photos) The end of February is the period when the Lunar New Year and the Oscars have settled, and the Hong Kong market has entered a relatively low ebb. It may not be until the Easter holiday at the end of March. The box office will gradually recover, and the box office on Sunday will fall back to a stable level as a whole. Although there are new films such as "Seize the Handsome", "Meet the Spartans", "Can't Help Falling in Love with You" ( I Could Never Be Your Woman), The Eater, Strange Talk, Across the Universe, and The Flower and Flower, but only the first three made it to the top ten at the box office; it was because of the Oscars Influenced by the award, the two films "Juno" and "No Country for Old Men" achieved HK$288,648 and HK$283,963 respectively. The former fell by about 12%, while the latter rose by about 25%. In addition, last Sunday's champion "Magic Romance" ranked third with a single-day performance of 330,000 Hong Kong dollars, with a total of 27.44 million Hong Kong dollars, and it seems that it will eventually reach about 29 million Hong Kong dollars; "Shuttler" accumulated 10.97 million Hong Kong dollars, but The stamina is not enough, and it may end up being less than 12 million Hong Kong dollars ("The Fog" also has insufficient box office stamina, and it only took 11 days to release 3.27 million Hong Kong dollars), but in the first two months of this year, it has been regarded as the second foreign language film at the box office; as for "Changjiang No. 7" , ranked tenth, and may withdraw from the box office next Sunday, and it is estimated that the box office will be between 51.6 million Hong Kong dollars and 52 million Hong Kong dollars. Hong Kong Weekend Movie Rankings (Sunday, March 2nd box office) "Seize the Handsome", "Fancy Police": The Two Paths of Hong Kong-made Police and Bandit Films The creative team of "Slaying the Wolf" and "the confrontation between Wu Jing and Sammo Hung" have attracted the attention of many fans of Hong Kong action films. Daily box office champion. With a cumulative box office of HK$2.15 million, "Black Fist" two years ago was about HK$300,000 ahead of the total of only HK$1.86 million in the first four days of its premiere. Facing the market attack of the two blockbusters "Baby Project" and "The Departed" that year, it achieved a total of about 5 million Hong Kong dollars. The release of the third-level film will have an impact on the audience, and another violent third-level film "Army Chicken" will be released this Thursday, forming a competition. "Capturing the Commander" starred Sammo Hung, Wu Jing, Ren Dahua, Li Xiuxian, etc. The story tells that the "loyal and faithful" leader Lian Haolong has a prosperous career, and his subordinates are like clouds, including his wife SOSO, his brother Lian Haodong, and his subordinate Ah Fa , Tianhong, Ah Wu, Ah Heng, etc., almost all of them are loyal to the main, act decisively and ruthlessly. Therefore, the strength of "loyalty and loyalty" is the only leader among Hong Kong gangsters. However, after a drug trade was destroyed by the anti-gangster group and the fourth uncle, the behind-the-scenes boss, was kidnapped again, the crisis of "loyalty" became more and more obvious... The story of the film still has many underworld movies from the 1980s and 1990s. After all, it is not easy to tell new ideas, and the selling point of the film has also shifted from the story to the bloody action scenes-from this point of view, many audiences have expressed that it is worth the price. The younger generation of fighting star Wu Jing (he also collaborated with Luo Shouyao in "Black Boxing" two years ago and arranged almost all the fighting scenes) almost arranged the action scenes in the film (Hong Jinbao and others also have some action scenes), and was criticized by the audience. For "the whole film has a lively rhythm, excellent fighting scenes, many bloody scenes, showing the real side of the underworld, and definitely worth the price", and film critic Shi Qi also rated it as "in the Hong Kong-made underworld infighting film, the newly released director Luo Shouyao" The "Seize the Handsome" is mainly based on old stars, and the plot is also inseparable from the familiar formula package, but I finally settled on the material, opened a fierce frying pan, so that there are many people, the stories and actions are quite rich, and the score is medium. above". However, the film also exposed some problems, one is excessive exaggeration, especially in the section where Wu Jing broke into the police station to kill his brother and silenced (this further exaggerated the story of Wu Jing killing the police officer in "Slaying the Wolf"), He smashed the helmets of the fully armed Flying Tigers with his bare hands and hit the Flying Tigers one by one; the second is that the film moves for the sake of action, especially in the confrontation between Wu Jing and Sammo Hung, it is not the need of the plot but to attract the audience needs. In the past, "Slaying the Wolf" also ignored some details when it attracted a lot of hot reviews, and these problems became particularly obvious when it came to "Capturing the Handsome". Li SIR Li Xiuxian, a well-known "policeman" in the 1980s, still played a policeman in "Seize the Handsome", and he played the father of a policeman in "The Flower Police" released on the same day - while "Seize the Handsome" and "Flower Flower" The gap between "Type Police" shows the two different paths of today's Hong Kong-made police and gangster films. It is said that Luo Shouyao decided to give up the mainland market when he filmed "Capturing the Commander", and used violence, blood, cruelty and other Hong Kong-made action films and even CULT film fans' attention (the film's photographer Qiu Litao is the representative of Hong Kong-made CULT films), But if you look at the final fate of the many underworld elements in the story itself, the film is still somewhat influenced by the mainland market. "Capturing the Handsome" has won the domestic box office champion and relatively good reviews at the expense of giving up the mainland market, while "Flower Police", which is dominated by the mainland market (the film was also released in the mainland ahead of schedule on February 26, and Hong Kong It was only released on the 28th), it was only shown on a small scale in Hong Kong, and the number of screenings in theaters was relatively small. As a result, it was not even able to enter the top ten of the box office rankings, although the word of mouth was considered moderate (for example, an audience rated it as "I thought it was easy at first". It's a nonsensical movie, but it wasn't. Just looking at the poster, I couldn't imagine that it was such a plot and story. Although the movie has many shortcomings, it is not garbage, it is better than many Hong Kong movies, much better than expected"). Police and bandit films have a history of decades of development in Hong Kong. In the 1970s, with the development of the economy, many social problems were exposed, and crime-themed social problem films gradually increased. These underworld movies are glorified. In recent years, in order to enter the mainland market, Hong Kong-made police and bandit films had to make some compromises, such as "New Police Story", such as "Disciple", and this "Flower Police", but there are also some works that insist on Due to the "violent" characteristics of Hong Kong's police and bandit films in the 1980s and 1990s, they would rather give up the mainland market, such as "Slaying the Wolf", "Underworld 2: Peace is Precious", etc., which gradually formed two differences between Hong Kong-made police and bandit films. The situation, that is, whether to focus on the mainland market as the standard for division. Personally, I feel that such polarized playing of "adversarial games" is not a good thing for Hong Kong movies, and there should be further communication and coordination between the "mother" and "son" of the motherland. However, it is worth noting that "Seizing the Commander", which gave up the mainland market, ended with the destruction of the gangsters (only Ren Dahua's final fate, which was not clearly explained), while "Flower Police", which mainly focused on the mainland market, ended with the same Arranged the death of Shawn Yue (Ting Ge), who represented Hong Kong, and hope is pinned on the child of an international policeman from the mainland and a woman from Hong Kong - looking at Shenzhou in the north, which is already a Hong Kong-produced film. A reversible fate, but the result of Beiwang, is it also like Sun Honglei in "Seven Swords" pointing to his subordinates and saying that they were once a promising generation of flowers? Statement: Sina.com exclusive manuscript, please indicate the source for reprinting.