One red heart is prepared with many hands: the college entrance examination and studying abroad are not wrong. June is hot, but the parents of the college entrance examination students are even more enthusiastic. What is the future of the child, how to choose the future path, and what to do if he fails to get into the ideal university, these have all become the fire of parents' hearts. The road of life, especially the road to study, in today's globalization era, has made the Huashan road of the college entrance examination gone forever. We have more choices and better choices. The globalization of the economy has also brought about the globalization of education. It is not surprising to go to the United States for graduate studies. Choosing to study in the United States for undergraduate studies will be a wise move for college entrance examination students. Anyone who has experienced the college entrance examination knows that there are some students who originally scored very well, but when the college entrance examination is performed on the spot, there may be an "abnormal" state. The uncertainty of this kind of on-the-spot performance of the college entrance examination may lead to the fall of such a group of very outstanding students. In order to reduce the risk of this "abnormal" college entrance examination, the parents of such students may be considering preparations for "college entrance examination + studying abroad", so that students can take the test without worries and peace of mind. If students can apply for the admission letter of their favorite overseas university before the college entrance examination, then once the college entrance examination performance is abnormal or the grades are not satisfactory, the students can immediately start the visa application procedures after the college entrance examination. If all the procedures for studying abroad go well, students studying abroad will also be able to directly enroll in overseas universities in the fall of that year, when other high school students have already entered the university. In addition, for students who have not been admitted to their favorite universities, although the college entrance examination scores have passed the second and third line scores, if they also consider choosing to study abroad, as parents, when helping their children prepare for the college entrance examination, don’t ignore it. This is the best time to choose study abroad. Therefore, the combination of studying abroad for the college entrance examination is something that parents should always weigh and consider when the college entrance examination is approaching and whether to start preparing. It is emphasized that no matter what the situation is based on the choice of studying abroad, it is necessary to have a clear and sober understanding between the college entrance examination and studying abroad. Sometimes, parents who plan to send their children to study abroad in high school often consider letting their children give up the domestic college entrance examination, but this is by no means the right choice. Because the college entrance examination for students, not only means a big test, but also a life challenge to students' will and independent ability to withstand pressure. In addition, it is also a key to open the door of excellent universities abroad. Of course, it is best to make a rational decision based on the actual situation of the student whether to prepare for the "double guarantee record" when the student is approaching the college entrance examination. It is true that it is good to prepare in advance, but there is no need to worry too much. Once the decision is made to study abroad, in addition to ensuring that their children devote themselves to the college entrance examination, parents must simultaneously prepare for the study abroad. Therefore, experts remind everyone that preparing for the "double guarantee record", so that the college entrance examination study abroad is correct, is a kind of study skills that "pave the way" for students to choose to go abroad in advance. The changes caused, to a certain extent, also ensure that students who are willing to go abroad can make the best use of their time to successfully complete their university studies. However, you must know that things are not absolute. Making the right choice early in the college entrance examination and applying for a study abroad plan in advance does not necessarily mean absolute safety and security. Because, once the visa is successfully completed, on the way to study in the United States, due to the differences in the students' own circumstances, various problems of discomfort during the study period are likely to occur. For example, the most common problems for international students during their studies are the weak comprehensive language application ability and the difficulty in breaking through language barriers in the short term. Another example is the psychological pressure caused by cultural differences between China and the United States and the incompatibility of the educational system and way of thinking. Compared with making the necessary preparations and planning the application for studying abroad in advance, in fact, the road to studying abroad has just begun. Then, for the various problems that need to be dealt with during the study period, first of all, don’t give yourself a “retreat” psychologically. Secondly, in order to cope with the difficulties in the study process, we should expand our thinking as much as possible, and organize all aspects of studying abroad from point to point. Elongate to the line, extend from the line to the surface, and think from multiple angles and all directions. Based on this, it is possible to successfully achieve the staged development goals and finally achieve a successful life in the entire preparation stage for studying abroad, during the period of studying abroad, and facing a series of issues such as employment and personal career development planning at the end of the study. In short, during the college entrance examination, according to the actual situation, prepare for the "double guarantee record", and in all aspects of studying abroad, it can also be regarded as "one red heart and many hands to prepare". Remember that classic slogan? "What is success? Success is a new starting point for me. Success? I'm just on the road." Indeed, every time you hit the road, please be well prepared.