Wesbury: The U.S. economy will continue to recover , the end of the panic in the financial industry, and revisions to mark-to-market accounting will help the U.S. economy achieve a sustained recovery. The following is the full text of the article: Just two months ago, the consensus view among economists was that the economy would not return to significant growth until the end of this year, and that any growth that did occur would be weak, at least until the end of 2010. Now, a flurry of economic data suggests the recovery may have begun: jobless claims fell, housing starts picked up, exports grew, and manufacturing indexes picked up. More economists expect the economy to return to growth in the second half of the year. But the conventional wisdom is that the economy is likely to achieve a V-shaped recovery, but this process is unsustainable, and the road to recovery is ultimately more like a square root symbol, with a V-shaped rebound followed by a period of stability. One theory that supports this view is that the inventory cycle will boost growth in the short term, but deleveraging and a weak job market will make it difficult for growth to become a durable recovery. We do not agree with this view. Monetary authorities will implement loose monetary policy sometime in the future. While we don't always know exactly when, a narrowing trade deficit, a better homebuilding market, and a recovery in business investment and consumption over the next year or two will help growth continue. The second theory holds that any economic recovery we are seeing now is due to government stimulus spending. There will be no further boost to economic activity as the stimulus effect will taper off. However, federal stimulus policies have little or no connection to economic recovery. We believe government stimulus spending is a headwind – the more government spending, the greater the crowding-out effect on private investment and economic activity. At the same time, the expansion of government power will also hurt growth prospects. The real forces behind the recovery are loose monetary policy, the end of the financial-industry panic triggered by the collapse of Lehman Brothers, and the FASB's revisions to mark-to-market accounting. While easy monetary policy can be seen as a temporary positive, the end of the panic in the financial sector and adjustments to mark-to-market accounting are more fundamental causes. These factors prevent the "Battle of Good and Evil" from happening. As a result, economic and stock market movements can reflect the ongoing impact of technology and productivity. Our stock market model shows that the fair value of the stock market is significantly higher than it is today, even if interest rates rise in the next few years. We believe that those who were pessimistic about the stock market and the economy at the beginning of the year are going through 5 classic stages. First, they deny that the economy will recover soon. They then angrily lashed out at those who saw signs of recovery. Now, they are haggling, acknowledging the existence of an economic recovery but devaluing it at the same time. Next, as the situation continues to improve, it can be expected that their confidence will gradually lose. We do not expect them to fully accept the fact that the economy is recovering until the second half of next year. (Xingya)