 Weekly Review of Hong Kong Films: New Dramas Open (June 9-15) A few days ago was the 15th anniversary of Wong Ka Kui's death. The three sons of Beyond, who had never been in a relationship, reunited and held a commemorative concert. Passionate way to sing the wonderful songs of the year. The Nine Districts DVD also recently released its series of works, such as "Missing Jiaju: Beyond the Sunshine Years", which included three sets of Huang Jiaju-related programs specially recorded by RTHK that year, including the interview special "The Sunshine Years" of that year. (The rise and development of Beyond are shown in several interviews by Huang Jiaju, with special emphasis on his remarks that "Hong Kong only has the entertainment industry, not the music world" - this is also true for today's Hong Kong movies), TV short film " Storm Boy - Hei Zaiqiang (the growth story of a troubled boy, starring Wong Ka Kui and Ah Paul) and "Fiction Family - Confrontation" (adapted from Hong Kong's novel of the same name "In the Mood for Love" - Wong Kar-wai's "In the Mood for Love". Influenced by the novel), another example was "Don't Bully the Poor" (I remember watching it in the movie theater when I was in the sixth grade of elementary school, and the movie theater at that time also played videotapes, etc.). Wong Ka Kui's contribution to the Hong Kong music scene has long been obvious to all, but it is a pity that he died young. And he has not appeared in many film and television works, but his statement that "Hong Kong only has the entertainment industry, not the music world" is undoubtedly a footnote in today's Hong Kong film industry! Filmmakers: 1. John To donated the trophy, insinuating that TVB's talent cultivation On the evening of June 13, John To attended the "Donation Ceremony of John To Film Awards" held by the Hong Kong Film Archive, officially giving away his 39 film awards The block and some photographic works were donated to the Hong Kong Film Archive for permanent preservation. He hopes to play a leading role in promoting the preservation of Hong Kong's film history, "Hong Kong has created a lot of films with impressive achievements, influencing the trend and culture, and making people collectively remember. It is a pity that Hong Kong films have a short lifespan and disappear after they are painted. Now there are data The museum preserves history. Hong Kong has no perfect environment for newcomers to contact and start a new page, and I hope to remind all walks of life to pay attention to Hong Kong film culture.” Afterwards, he also expressed his views on the current situation of directors and actors in the Hong Kong film industry, including the government's inability to support film culture and TVB's retrogression in cultivating talents. He believes, "I think we should keep things that can be kept low, such as props, scripts, and materials. Since the government spends money to build a film archive, it should also spend money to keep film narcissism." Movies, I came out on TV, but the school is so busy now that there are no new filmmakers, and it has stopped.” To Qifeng's criticism is all justified. The Hong Kong government's support for local films has long been criticized by filmmakers, especially its decision to support Hong Kong films with 300 million Hong Kong dollars, but in reality it is still a superficial slogan, which has become a political slogan. The beautiful lie of the film; and the latter sentence is about Hong Kong TVB. In the 1970s, Hong Kong TV station (especially TVB) cultivated many film talents, from directors to actors (the rise of the new wave of Hong Kong movies is inseparable from The education of Hong Kong TV station), To Qifeng, Lin Lingdong, Tsui Hark, etc. all came from TV stations, but unfortunately the current TV stations are also lacking in cultivating film talents. In fact, it is very important for senior filmmakers in the film industry to take the lead in cultivating the talents of the next generation. On the one hand, it includes the continuous supervision of producers like Zeng Zhiwei, so that more young directors have the opportunity to start new films, or like Liu Weiqiang of the year. (blog) After entering the industry, I learned relevant knowledge in the practice process with Ao Zhijun. However, if it is only the theoretical knowledge learned in school, there is often a certain gap between it and practice. To Qifeng also talked about his thoughts when filming "Wenque" 3 years ago, "At that time, I saw that the Star Ferry Pier was demolished during the filming, and I was very moved after watching it. I felt that the film needed to cover more Hong Kong scenes, and it was my responsibility to keep the collective memories for the next. generation". And this "Wenque" will start in Hong Kong this Thursday (the specific opening time in the mainland has not been determined), but he is already in the filming of the new film - "Law Peep" starring Liu Qingyun, Ren Dahua, etc. It will be launched in July and will be expanded from a case. It not only analyzes various contradictory factors, but also explores human nature. It is known as the Hong Kong version of "Rashomon". 2. "Chibi" had one death and six injuries in an accident. "Red Cliff", which is in the re-shooting stage of the next episode, had a serious accident during the filming of the collision scene, causing one martial artist to be killed in the accident and six martial artists injured (there is also a saying that seven were injured. ). When the scene was made up, director John Woo was in Hong Kong. The director Leung Pak-kin and the producer Zhang Jiazhen, who directed the scene, declined to comment on the incident. As for the China Film Company, the film crew instructed the crew not to publicize the incident. Accidents occurred during filming, which have occurred during the shooting of many films, including the latest episode of "007 Iron King" not long ago. Properly handling the consequences is the primary way. But is such a blocking message an appropriate way to handle it? What's more, "Chibi" (Part 1) will hold its premiere and be officially released at the beginning of next month. 3. Jackie Chan (Tingge blog) was banned from attending the Golden Horse Awards on June 9, because Jackie Chan criticized Taiwan's presidential election as a "big joke" in 2004 (at the Cannes Film Festival in 2005, he even stated that when Chen Shui-bian was president) I won't go to Taiwan) and caused controversy and criticism in Taiwan's political arena. The Taichung City Council made a decision to require that Jackie Chan not be invited to Taiwan to attend the Golden Horse Awards Executive Committee's awards ceremony in December. The next day, Jackie Chan issued a statement, emphasizing that "politics should not interfere with film art. If I have time for the Golden Horse Awards in Taichung at the end of the year, I will come to Taiwan, because this is a major event in the film industry"; Jackie Chan pointed out, "I have never interfered in politics. Why is a sentence in response to the media's personal feelings that has been exaggerated countless times and rendered like this?" In half a year, there is still a certain turning point in this matter. However, the media undoubtedly played a certain role in fueling the remarks of some artists, and the artists themselves should think twice about their remarks in public. What Jackie Chan said when "Myth" was amplified by the media as a call for artists to boycott Korean films, and even the "Yangcheng Evening News" successively published reports on the so-called "boycott" of Korean movies and TV dramas by artists (and the specific reports, some are not boycotts, some It can be seen that these artists do not understand Korean film and television). For the game relationship between film art and politics, it has existed for a long time and will exist for a long time, and it is not necessarily only a negative impact, such as the opposition to the new screen quota system initiated by Korean filmmakers several times, even Hong Kong films are affected by it. Restrictions from relevant political policies in the Mainland. As far as Taiwanese films are concerned, the policies of boycotting mainland films and restricting foreign language films in the 1940s and 1950s were invisibly promoting the rise and development of local films. There is also a link in the Golden Horse Awards to commemorate Taiwanese films), while the film fund in the 1990s played a negative role. 4. Yu Rentai is planning to shoot a new film with "Water Margin" and Zheng He as the themes. Recently, director Yu Rentai, who has been in a "rest" state after "Huo Yuanjia", said in an interview on TVB's Zhiyun Dinner Program, Two new films are currently under preparation, namely "108" based on the novel "Water Margin" and "1421" based on Zheng He's voyages to the West. In addition, it will cooperate with Bruce to adapt the story of "Die Hard". to the Silk Road. "108" is still in the state of writing the script, and many Japanese and Korean actors have already recommended themselves to participate, but Yu Rentai wants to use Chinese actors. However, the author is more concerned that this work is related to the "Water Margin" that Liu Weiqiang and the others are planning. "What are the similarities and differences between the trilogy, or just like "Seeing the Dragon Unloading Armor" and "Red Cliff" are just based on the same theme and then develop different stories. 5. Xu Anhua will start filming the new film "Love in the Fog" at the end of the month. The new film "Love in the Fog" directed by Xu Anhua will start filming at the end of June. At present, the roles of ordinary women and little boys are being recruited. The middle-aged woman with a slightly market and bitter taste, and the latter requires liveliness and cuteness and likes to perform (the play is to perform an Easter show to bring joy to all women). "Love in the Fog" is somewhat similar to her new film "Days and Nights in Tin Shui Wai," which was released at the Hong Kong International Film Festival this year, and is about daily life in a community. "Day and Night in Tianshui Wai" is expected to be released at the end of October and early November this year. As for "Love in the Fog", it is estimated that the production can be completed in August and September, but it may not be released this year. In addition, it was reported last year that Ji'an Yongjia teamed up with Tsui Hark, Xu Anhua and others to make a film. Tsui Hark's "Women Are Not Bad" is expected to be released in the second half of the year, and Feng Delun's "Jump Out" was originally released in May this year. But now it has been postponed to the second half of the year. As for Xu Anhua's "Concubine's Daughter", there is almost no news about it recently. In addition, there are many excellent works depicting community life or community workers in Hong Kong movies, such as "The True Story of Mad Men" directed by Er Dongsheng (blog), "Why Me" directed by Zheng Zeshi, and "Sex Work" directed by Qiu Litao "Ten Days Talk" and so on. Amu/Wen statement: Sina.com exclusive manuscript, please indicate the source for reprinting.