Li Bingbing, Queen of Hundred Flowers: One-man Olympics , to go all out to get a 16th? Because she loves and is so loyal to the sport of swimming, her name is Natalie, and the world remembers this strong name in Beijing this summer. One who has been shortlisted for the Golden Rooster and Hundred Flowers Film Festival for four consecutive years has missed the honor again and again, but she is so persistent in going from Hainan to Hangzhou, from Suzhou to Dalian? Because love is the best teacher, she is so loyal to the film industry, her name is Li Bingbing (Dingge blog), in Dalian in September, people witnessed a filmmaker's "Olympic". On the evening of September 13th, when Li Bingbing, who won the Hundred Flowers Shadow, stepped onto the podium, she was so excited that she cried from the stage to the stage. Almost no one could understand why she, who has been awarded as the Queen of the Hundred Flowers many times, was in Binhai. The city of Dalian is so emotional. However, she herself knew how difficult it was for her ten years of hard work and four years of persistence. In her own words, this first real trophy for her is a special honor equivalent to the Olympic significance. Ten years of struggle, ten years of hardships, Li Bingbing's touching transformation. On September 13, 2008, the persistent Li Bingbing won the golden rooster and hundreds of flowers in the beautiful Dalian. This is the moment when she has finally achieved positive results since she was nominated for the Golden Rooster and Hundred Flowers Film Festival in 2005 and has been nominated for four consecutive years. At the award ceremony that night, Li Bingbing, who tightly held the trophy of the Queen of Hundred Flowers in her arms, won the Huabiao award, which was mainly based on expert opinions. She was sad and happy at the Hundred Flowers Film Festival. She completed the Olympics of an actor in four years. With persistence and strength, she became more and more courageous to prove to the world the weight of this trophy. So, at the award ceremony, she cried, like a little girl, incoherent. She has really paid a lot over the years. As she said: "Including this year, I have been to the Golden Rooster and Hundred Flowers Film Festival for four consecutive years. For four consecutive years, it can be regarded as the last Olympics. Even the teachers of the conference said that no one can nominate for four consecutive years. All come, these four years I have failed every year, and I have come again every year." In the subsequent interviews behind the scenes, the author learned that Li Bingbing, the actress behind Huabiao, originally came with a normal heart, even a grateful heart. Participated because she no longer needs more reasons to explain her influence and commercial value when she has reached the absolute front line. Among the four Golden Rooster and Hundred Flowers Film Festivals, the most surprising one was in 2005, because he and 80-year-old artist Jin Yaqin competed on the same stage for the best actress, and the nomination was already confirmed, Li Bingbing said: "To be honest, at that time I still have some luck.” Although he didn’t win in the end, he was still honored to lose; in 2006, he was nominated for the Best Supporting Actress Award for “A World Without Thieves ()”. Although many audiences had high hopes for Li Bingbing, In the end, she was a little short and lost to Yuan Qiu in "Kung Fu". She cried, crying for the expectations of many fans. In the words of Yang Shoucheng, the boss of the Emperor Company, "it was a bit unexpected", but Li Bingbing cried. Still under the pressure, he spent a "tragic" night with fans according to the original plan; in 2007, Li Bingbing won the Huabiao Award, the highest honorary award of the Chinese government's film with "Yun Shui Yao"; Mood, she participated in the Golden Rooster Award in Suzhou. Unfortunately, she passed by it again. She smiled in the audience. We can no longer see the delicate little girl who used to be a year ago. Now she has learned to face it. , learned to bear, after all, paying does not mean that there will be a high return. Today, she got her wish and stood on the podium of the Hundred Flowers Award in Dalian. Although she couldn't help crying, she couldn't even control her almost out of control expression, but people all over the country can appreciate her "Olympic style" in the past four years. Spirit, this is an actor's Olympiad, an "Olympic" that all human beings need. In the past four years, the author has failed every year, and every year has come again. Not every star can do this. More people value the interests. There are many examples of not attending if you don't get an award. For this point, the author admires Li Bingbing very much. Over the decades since his debut, he has devoted himself to no matter big or small. Even if there is no benefit, he will do well as long as it is within his share. The road of "One Man's Olympics" is not only rough and bumpy, but also long enough. Without sincere love and strong willpower, it is difficult to finally reach the end, let alone surpass all opponents on the road and become a golden rooster and a hundred flowers movie. After the festival, Li Bingbing used her passion and persistence to walk on this challenging road. This love and persistence can not help but remind people of Natalie Dutoit, a disabled swimmer from South Africa at the Beijing 2008 Olympic Games. . The girl who lost her left calf is the only swimmer who has participated in both the Olympic and Paralympic Games. She has a sincere love for swimming. Even though she cannot predict whether she will compete in the Olympic Games, she still devotes herself to it and enjoys the benefits of swimming. her joy. Now, when I look back and look at Li Bingbing, the queen of the double film, isn't it also because of her love and dedication to acting that she has completed her gorgeous transformation step by step? A person who works so hard has no reason to be disliked, and there is no reason to fail.