Israel cultivates trees into unique treehouses (Photo) Renderings of treehouses Planting and nurturing diagrams of treehouses A bench built around trees A small playground made of live trees Sina Technology News Beijing September 1st news , according to foreign media reports, Israeli scientists said a few days ago that they recently successfully designed and cultivated various houses made of living trees. The houses are oddly shaped, clean and eco-friendly, and are also resistant to strong earthquakes. In fact, this concept of transforming a large growing tree into a practical object is not the first time. Previously, some called it "living tree forming", "living tree carving", "living art" or "ecological architecture", etc., to name a few. But now engineers and plant scientists at Tel Aviv University in Israel have taken the concept one step further, with their own "living tree forming" work that is more practical, playful and higher-level than previous works. . Currently, scientists are conducting small-scale experiments in the United States, Australia and Israel. Street lights, gates, sports field buildings are made entirely from living trees. Not only are the benches in the hospital park park made of living trees, but the growing leaves of the living trees provide shade for their own benches. According to Amram Escher, a researcher at Tel Aviv University in Israel, "Our approach is not to use branches, but to use malleable roots and transform them into objects that can be used indoors or outdoors." Plantware Israel Yaniv Naftali, director of the "Live Tree Formation" project at a gardening company, believes that "a home made of large trees can effectively withstand natural storms. After an earthquake or tsunami, the only building that can guarantee human survival is A 'tree house'. A 'tree house' is as strong as a reinforced concrete building." Escher is working with Plantware horticulture to bring this "living tree shape" to market. The research team found that some species of trees have "aerial roots" (that is, some of the roots grow in the air rather than in the soil and water, such as banyan trees), and the aerial roots are not hard and strong. This soft aerial root can be grown to sufficient length in the laboratory as long as it is malleable. Guided by a metal frame, they automatically grow into the shape of a sports field or park bench. The root tips of these aerial roots then enter the ground and enter the lignification process, where the roots begin to harden and become thicker. The branches and leaves above the roots begin to grow taller and denser. The researchers are looking forward to the technology. They believe that perhaps in the near future, all housing constructions may adopt this advanced ecological technology. Gordon Glazer, CEO of Plantware Horticulture, expects the first "treehouse" prototypes to appear within a decade. The first such stadium could take shape as early as next year. (Liu Yan) Uncovering India's richest skyscraper: 27-storey high cost 2 billion US dollars