Is there a "regional difference" in the visa rate? Jiang Deli: I don't think this situation will affect your visa, and we don't know how many university admission letters you have received. In fact, what we care about is that you can clearly state why you are When choosing such a school, such information is our greatest concern. Zhang Yang: Because there is a saying among many netizens that Beijing is relatively easy, Shenyang, Chengdu, and Guangzhou will be difficult. I don’t know if there is such a saying? Jiang Deli: We recommend applicants, because the US embassy in China and each consulate are responsible for visa applications in different consular areas, and the rejection rate may be slightly higher in a certain area due to various reasons, but this does not mean that in a certain consulate. The district application is simple, and the application in another consular district is complicated. In fact, we mainly recommend that applicants apply for your visa in their own consular area, because the advantage is to apply for your visa in this consular area, and the visa officer will have a good understanding of the situation in your consular area, but if It is said that you belong to the Beijing area, but you went to Guangzhou to apply for a visa, and the visa officer there may not be very familiar with the situation in Beijing and your personal situation. Netizen: My second-level major is Power System. Is it generally classified as a sensitive major and checked? Moderator Meng Nan: What kind of situation will be checked? Jiang Deli: It's hard for me to say which applicants need to do the additional administrative review just mentioned, because each applicant's situation is different, only you come with all your application materials, and the visa officer will review you All applications, knowing your situation, we will be able to judge whether this applicant needs additional administrative processing at that time. Therefore, I would like to emphasize one point. It is recommended that applicants apply as early as possible. Netizen: I participated in the paid internship program in the United States this summer, and I need to sign a J-1 visa. Is this visa easy to sign? Jiang Deli: In fact, J-1 and F-1 visas generally have the same requirements. Applicants must be able to correctly explain to the visa officer some of their academic research plans, study plans, and why they choose such a program, and how they complete this program. What are the plans for the project in the future? For some J-1 visas, they may get some funding from the school, but the important thing is that you must be able to fully prove to the visa officer that you have enough financial strength to support your study in the United States some costs. Moderator Meng Nan: We still have a netizen who is about to have his visa cancelled, and he has a very urgent question. Netizen: My situation is very special. Now I go to university in the United States, my grades are very good, and I have won many awards in the school. However, when I was working on-campus, the F-1 visa was about to be cancelled due to the overtime, and the school issued an I-20 form again. Can I still apply for a J-1 visa? How can I explain it to the visa officer? Jiang Deli: If you plan to study in the United States, you should apply for a visa as soon as possible, but there is another point, some conditions on each visa are different, it may allow some students to work different hours, we recommend that applicants timely Communicate with your school to make sure that what you do, such as working, must meet some of the conditions on your visa. Zhang Yang: There is an office in a university in the United States that will tell you, for example, Harvard University stipulates that students cannot exceed 20 hours a week, and winter and summer vacations cannot exceed 40 hours. These are Harvard's regulations, but other schools have Different regulations, so it is best to avoid this situation, because I think after all, the main purpose after going there is to study, not to work. Moderator Meng Nan: Yes, before students go, they have to confirm the legal work time with the school. Today's netizens asked very enthusiastic questions. Due to the time constraints, today's interview is coming to an end. We would like to invite Zhang Yang and Jiang Deli each to give us some practical suggestions to our students who are about to apply for visas. Zhang Yang: I lived in the United States for two years, and I also had the opportunity to work with senior officials of the American embassy. I think the most lovely thing about the American system is that it is a society with very clear rules. If you go to the United States for a visa, it is Go to the official website of the US embassy, it has a Chinese version, go and study every item carefully, and prepare every form and material, in this case, walk into the visa office with your smile, because they Very tired, I think as long as you meet the conditions, you will usually be approved; another point, Chinese students are relatively shy, sometimes they are very nervous and dare not express, I think you should not regard the visa officer as a devil or an enemy , you need to communicate with them and tell them the reason why you are going to the United States. Under normal circumstances, you can pass by one visa. Moderator Meng Nan: Thank you Zhang Yang, and now I would like to ask Jiang Deli to give some advice to friends who are going to apply for student visas in the United States. Jiang Deli: We would like to give advice to the majority of student visa applicants. First, we suggest that visa applicants must apply as soon as possible, and carefully browse the website of our embassy before applying. There are some accurate information required for all visas. Updated information; second point, it is inevitable that every applicant who is going to be interviewed is a little nervous, don't be nervous, be well prepared, and be honest and honest when answering questions, and clearly explain to the visa officer why you want to Go to America for this series of questions. Moderator Meng Nan: I would like to thank the two of you again today for providing such faithful and effective information to all netizens. If you have more questions about the US visa, please visit the official website of the Visa Section of the US Embassy and the Sina Go Abroad Channel for further information. Understood, thank you all.