Academician of the Chinese Academy of Engineering held a conference to identify students for plagiarism ; Appropriate the GIAC technology system first created by Lu Daopei. Huang Xiaojun: I will not express my opinion until the final result of the matter. The 2008 China Medical Science and Technology Award mentioned in the application materials, the establishment of the GIAC technology system. People's Hospital and Peking University Medical Department: Huang Xiaojun's award-winning paper has problems such as "incorrect data and unclear labeling", but it is difficult to draw a clear conclusion on plagiarism. News from this newspaper yesterday, academician Lu Daopei, a well-known hematology expert, and 8 hematology and hematopoietic stem cell transplant experts jointly held a press conference, alleging that Huang Xiaojun, director of the Hematology Institute of the People's Hospital, committed serious academic misconduct such as plagiarism and fraud. Some of the materials submitted for the China Medical Science and Technology Award were plagiarized from Lu Daopei. Earlier, Lu Daopei had reported the matter to the Chinese Medical Association. According to the survey results of the Peking University Medical Department and the People's Hospital designated by the Chinese Medical Association, Huang Xiaojun's paper has problems such as "incorrect data and unclear labeling", but the theory of plagiarism is "difficult to clarify". Lu Daopei was not only plagiarized by me, but there were 6 experts present at yesterday's press conference. "This is completely out of desperation. After all, we used to be masters and apprentices." Lu Daopei said that the reason for holding a press conference was because other methods were not feasible, so they adopted this method. Nine experts believed that the GIAC technical system mentioned in Huang Xiaojun's Shen Prize paper was created by Huang Xiaojun, and it is not in line with the fact that basic research precedes clinical application. "This system should be the first to propose and name it." Lu Daopei believes that Huang Xiaojun plagiarized not only his research results, but also the scientific research results of Ji Shuquan and other experts in the past 20 years. In addition, Lu Daopei said that among the 31 papers awarded by Huang Xiaojun, they found that 14 papers had 20 data errors, which belonged to fraud and tampering. At the press conference, experts listed evidence that they believed Huang Xiaojun's academic fraud and plagiarism, including problems found after comparing the values in Huang Xiaojun's multiple papers. Huang Xiaojun did not express his opinion for the time being. Regarding what he believed to be Huang Xiaojun's plagiarism and fraud, Lu Daopei said that he had already reported it to the Chinese Medical Association on December 21, 2008. However, on January 9, 2009, the application still won the first prize of the Chinese Medical Science and Technology Award. Yesterday, the Chinese Medical Association introduced that after receiving the report, the Chinese Medical Association has commissioned the People's Hospital and the Peking University Medical Department to investigate the matter, and has come to the conclusion: Huang Xiaojun's award-winning paper has problems such as "incorrect data and unclear labeling". , but it is difficult to draw a definite conclusion about plagiarism. Director Xiao of the Office of the Department of Medicine of Peking University said yesterday that both teachers and students Lu Daopei and Huang Xiaojun have made great contributions to the school. Director Xiao pointed out that this incident was a controversy caused by different views on academics. Peking University Medical Department and People's Hospital have responsibly formed the academic committee and the ethics committee experts to investigate and judge for many times, and the investigation process is transparent and open. Yesterday, Huang Xiaojun said that he did not want to express any opinion until the final result of the matter. 9 Experts: He took the teacher's achievements as his own. In yesterday's press conference, 9 experts revealed the problems existing in Huang Xiaojun's application for the 2008 China Medical Science and Technology Award. In the recommendation book of the project titled "Basic and Applied Research on Cytokine Induced Immune Tolerance", Huang Xiaojun ranked first among the 9 completers, and the recommendation unit is Peking University People's Hospital. Lu Daopei, a member of the Standing Committee of the Chinese Medical Association, discovered Huang Xiaojun's recommendation in December 2008. He immediately believed that this project robbed and plagiarized the research results of many experts including him in the field of haploidentical hematopoietic stem cell transplantation in the past 20 years. Lu Daopei introduced that among the 31 papers included in Huang Xiaojun's application project, 14 papers had 20 errors. More importantly, in the recommendation book, Huang Xiaojun described himself as the creator of the GIAC technical system. "The original creator and name of this system should be me!" said Lu Daopei, who has delivered 11 speeches and published many papers at domestic and international conferences on the research results. He issued a scientific and technological achievement appraisal certificate of the first prize of Beijing Science and Technology Award in 2006, which was mentioned by Lu Daopei as the first ranker, "This research has created a GIAC-HLA-mismatched hematopoietic stem cell transplant. C'New Scheme". "We firmly oppose it because Huang Xiaojun called it the founder of the GIAC system. If this award is established, the real founder of Academician Lu will become a plagiarist," said Tong Chunrong, an expert. ■ Follow-up question 1 Still awarding after receiving a report? Chinese Medical Association: Awarding awards based on the results of the investigation Lu Daopei pointed out that after discovering problems with Huang Xiaojun's application project, they reported to the Chinese Medical Association and strongly urged third-party experts to conduct verification and shelved the award before reaching a conclusion . But in the end, Huang Xiaojun still won the first prize. "Seventy or eighty review experts, all of them have a conscience." Yesterday, Wu Mingjiang, vice president of the Chinese Medical Association, explained that after receiving the report, the Chinese Medical Association designated the People's Hospital to conduct an investigation and awarded awards based on the results of the investigation. . Question 2 Why did the paper with repeated mistakes win the first prize? Chinese Medical Association: Experts such as Lu Daopei, who is in charge of the recommendation unit, are puzzled that Huang Xiaojun's "mistakes" project won the first prize. In this regard, Wu Mingjiang said that the Chinese Medical Association will only award the award because the People's Hospital has given an investigation conclusion before the award that there is no fraud. He said that the authenticity review of the award materials themselves should be the responsibility of the sending unit. All the recommended units have their signatures responsible for these thesis materials. The evaluation experts of the China Medical Science and Technology Award are only responsible for the scientific research innovation and scientific research results of the award papers under the condition that the submitted materials are true and reliable. Question 3 Why is the investigation conducted by the stakeholder unit? Chinese Medical Association: People's Hospital knows Huang Xiaojun best After Huang Xiaojun was reported, the Chinese Medical Association designated Peking University Medical Department and People's Hospital to conduct an investigation. Lu Daopei was puzzled by this. He said that the People's Hospital, as the recommending unit and Huang Xiaojun's unit, is an interested party and should not be involved in the investigation. The medical department of Peking University is in charge of the People's Hospital, and it is also an interested party that may be involved in this incident. In this regard, Wu Mingjiang pointed out that the People's Hospital is the unit that understands Huang Xiaojun the most, and the investigation of the People's Hospital can best grasp the specific situation. Wu Mingjiang emphasized that the entire recommendation process and review process of the Chinese Medical Science and Technology Award of the Chinese Medical Association are strictly standardized without any problems. The investigation by the Peking University Medical Department and the People's Hospital is a cautious conclusion made by experts from the academic and ethical committees. Dialogue "The cost of academic fraud is small and the benefit is big" Yesterday, several experts present had a dialogue with our reporter on the relevant issues in this incident. Some experts said that academic misconduct "has a small cost, but a great benefit", hoping to use this matter to serve as a warning to the academic community. Beijing News: As a teacher, what impression did Huang Xiaojun leave you? Lu Daopei: This conference only involves academic misconduct in this award, not his usual academic problems. But I feel sorry for such a person among the students. Beijing News: Why are you dissatisfied with several investigations? How do you think a fair third party can be found? Lu Daopei: We are responsible for the data and evidence provided by our signature. There are so many mistakes in this project, there is no other possibility other than fraud. We believe that it is unfair to ask the recommending unit to investigate, just like the doping incident that asked the team to investigate the doping problem of the athletes in the team. How is this possible? The Chinese Medical Association is responsible for undertaking this investigation, which I think needs to be improved. It's hard to tell this matter clearly. The academic fraud is too professional, and it is difficult for the court to define it, but I hope the ethics court can try it. Tong Chunrong: During the award selection, once someone raised doubts, there was no solution. We also brought in the recommending units related to this matter to participate in the investigation. We call on the third party to conduct an open and transparent inspection. Beijing News: In this award, the judges did not find any data errors in the paper. How do you evaluate the awarding process? Tong Chunrong: We also found the problem only by looking at the papers together, and it was very time-consuming. When it comes to awards, experts don't have as much time to look at them. Despite strict checks, foreign professional medical journals have also published fraudulent papers. We hope this can also serve as a warning to the academic community. Beijing News: What benefits does this award bring to Huang Xiaojun? Lu Daopei: After winning this award from the Chinese Medical Association, he can apply for national awards and then apply for academicians. These honors can also apply for a lot of scientific research funds for him. Academic misconduct is because only a small price is paid, but a great benefit can be obtained, which is also the reason for repeated corruption in the academic world. The Ministry of Education said that there should be "zero tolerance" for academic misconduct. We believe that it is necessary to strengthen social supervision and maintain a high pressure on academic misconduct in the public opinion atmosphere. Many academic fraud punishments are not severe. Experts say that many units currently do not have detailed rules to regulate academic behavior. Yesterday, in response to Lu Daopei's alleged academic fraud, Zheng Yefu, a professor of sociology at Peking University, pointed out that when there is a fraud problem in the academic world, it is always the case. The unit where the party belongs will investigate and punish the party, and the outside world cannot punish the party, such as expelling the counterfeiter, prohibiting him from continuing to take students, etc. However, at present, most scientific research institutes and schools do not have a detailed rules and regulations to regulate academic behavior, and there is no clear definition of plagiarism. Zheng Yefu believes that the pressure of external public opinion has played a very important role in the academic crackdown. "It is not the key to whether there is a formal investigation agency in this matter. The key is to let other scholars speak out." He said that in addition to the matter involved The opinions of other relevant scholars are very important. In foreign countries, when academic fraud occurs, the role of public opinion is obvious. However, in China, many units have little or no punishment for fraud, disregarding the pressure of public opinion, which is distressing. Written by this edition / reporter Wang Kara of Wujiang intern Wei Nan