Lu Huiming's solution: Juventus may lose the underdog Malaga away in half a set 01 Udine VS Naples Recommendation: 1 The latest European win, draw and lose average odds data for this game is 2.084 2.990↓ 3.625, this data Converted to the Asian plate Udinese at home can make Pingban in the low water. And now the actual handicap situation opened by the bookmaker is Udinese's home handicap of 179 low, and the ball is most likely to be tied. Both teams have played in the UEFA Cup, and Udinese's away games are more expensive to measure. According to the latest trading volume analysis of Betfair, the betting ratio of the two sides is the lowest, which is in the interest of the dealer. Combined with the European compensation, the draw is also constantly raining. 02 Lecce VS Siena Recommendation: 3 The latest European win, draw and lose average odds data for this game is 2.200 2.904↑ 3.430↑, this data is converted into the Asian plate Lecce at home can make Pingban medium and high water. And now the actual handicap situation opened by the gaming company is Lecce's home draw to Pingban 188 low water, this game is optimistic about Lecce winning. Siena also played a cup match in the middle of the week, and what was even worse was a complete defeat at home, and the morale was severely damaged. Lecce mainly relies on the home court to get points and can make a single Bo. 03 Torino VS Inter Milan recommendation: 0 The latest European average odds data for the match is 5.365↑ 3.335↑ 1.660↓, this data is converted into the Asian handicap Inter Milan away can make half one in the high water. And now the actual handicap situation opened by the bookmaker is that Inter Milan has a half-one away 188 low water, and Turin has one win and one draw in the first two rounds. The momentum is not bad, and Inter Milan has played the Champions Cup away. . Inter Milan is playing very steadily now. As long as the scene is under control, it is difficult for a team of Turin's level to have a chance. 04 Sampdo VS Chievo recommendation: 30 The latest European average odds data for the match is 1.564 3.463↑ 6.259↓, this data is converted into the Asian plate Sampdoria at home can make a goal in the high water. And now the actual handicap situation opened by the bookmaker is Sampdoria's home handicap of half a 180 low water. The handicap of this ball is shallow, and it should definitely be a one-ball handicap. Samp won the UEFA Cup in mid-week, and if you win this game, you can win the game. It must be a hot party. From the analysis of European compensation, the water level of Chievo's victory is declining, and this game is very cold. 05 Floren VS Boloni Recommendation: 31 The latest European win, draw and lose average odds data for this game is 1.483 3.663↑ 7.147↓, this data is converted into the Asian plate Florence home can make a goal low water. And now the actual handicap situation opened by the bookmaker is that Fiorentina has a goal of 196 in the high water. Judging from the trading volume of Betfair, the one-ball market is still hot for the home team, and the current water level is not very good. In the week, the Buddha team drew Lyon away and put a lot of energy into it. Of course, it is not easy for Bologna to want a winning streak away from home. In this game, the home team with a small capital and a single blogger needs to defend against a draw. 06 Kalia VS Juventus recommendation: 30 The latest European average odds data for the game is 5.787 3.430↓ 1.602 , this data is converted into the Asian plate Juventus away can make half a low water. And now the actual handicap situation opened by the gaming company is Juventus away half a 188 low water, it is recommended to prevent cold. Cagliari's current performance is very poor, and Juventus is booming on both sides. In this case, the visiting team is hot. With both teams playing twice a week, stamina can cause major problems on defense. I still remember the scene where the Card team lost 2-3 at home last year, and the audience went wild. Go both ways in this field. 07 Palermo VS Genoa Recommendation: 3 The latest European win, draw and lose average odds data for this game is 2.023 3.036 3.811↓, this data is converted into the Asian game Palermo home can make the draw in the low water. And now the actual handicap situation opened by the bookmaker is Palermo's home handicap of 209 in the hemisphere, the home team defeated Roma in the last round, and Genoa defeated AC Milan, which seems to be fierce. Last season, the Pakistani team also lost to their opponents at home and did not win away, so the high water level in this plate is not terrible, and even the more unfavorable it seems, the better. The single home team wins. 08 AC Milan VS Lazio Recommended: 3