Potevio said that it has developed a TD wireless city application solution Sina Technology News April 2, for the current domestic hot wireless city construction, the relevant department of China Potevio, one of the main domestic TD system equipment manufacturers, revealed that Potevio has actively invested in "wireless city". "Application research and development, TD wireless city system equipment has been widely used in government offices, school teaching, urban transportation and other occasions, especially the TD wireless command and dispatch system solutions developed by Potevio, TD wireless data acquisition system solutions, etc. Make TD an important technology for wireless city construction in my country. TD Wireless City is building ten demonstration cities. "TD Wireless City" refers to city informatization, based on mobile communication network (TD-SCDMA, EDGE). In the form of client and WAP website, it integrates the information resources of all walks of life in the city, the government and people's livelihood, and combines the needs of individuals, government affairs, and industries to provide citizens with a full range of information and services. It is reported that with regard to the construction of TD wireless cities, China Mobile will build a public information platform, popularize the city's information services, support application development partners, accelerate the application of wireless cities, create ten demonstration cities, and establish a benchmark for wireless cities. And many places are also stepping up TD wireless city layout. Last year, Xiamen built the first "wireless city" based on TD technology. It is reported that Wuhan Mobile is also deploying "TD Wireless Jianghan" to create efficient government affairs to serve people's livelihood. People from Potevio in China also expressed their optimism about the huge market role of TD wireless cities. In the 2G era, the wireless dream of many cities could not be realized due to limitations in wireless communication speed and bandwidth. As one of the 3G technologies, TD-SCDMA relies on its The high-speed transmission rate and strong QOS guarantee can be easily realized, which has a revolutionary role in promoting urban informatization and e-commerce. Whether the TD wireless command and dispatch system solution has a good market application is one of the keys to TD wireless cities. China Potevio revealed that it has developed a TD wireless command and dispatch system solution, which will expand the urban dispatch market with TD technology. Great help. It is reported that Potevio Equipment can build a communication platform for audio and video remote dispatch and business processing that integrates visual command and dispatch, video conferencing, video surveillance, and emergency plan processing. Through unified management of audio and video command and dispatch, resource sharing and coordinated operations are realized. Integrate alarm resources, collect multi-level information, realize the synchronization of information collection, processing, decision-making, command, and dispatch, and realize intelligent management of various emergencies. Provide command and decision-making suggestions to improve the timeliness and quality of decision-making. A relevant person from Potevio said that relying on the TD command and dispatch platform, it can achieve hierarchical management capabilities, coordinate and dispatch emergency resources of various government departments and social forces, and realize a collaborative mechanism for early warning and emergency response. At present, cities in our country are vigorously building urban emergency systems and command and dispatch systems. Potevio believes that the visual command and dispatch system based on TD technology and platform integrates various key business functions such as command and dispatch, video conferencing, network monitoring and POC in one terminal. On the device, the real-time interaction of audio and video services is truly realized, meeting the needs of users for high-definition visual command and dispatch. At the same time, in the application of multi-level command and dispatch, users can conduct two-way or multi-direction command and dispatch more intuitively and reliably through video conference, coupled with powerful image and data transmission functions, and can also view specific network monitoring images synchronously. This will make it very convenient for cities in my country to build command and dispatch systems. TD wireless data acquisition system has a wide range of applications. In addition, Potevio also revealed that it has developed a TD wireless data acquisition system solution, mainly through HSDPA enterprise access, applying TD/HSPA wireless technology to public industry terminals, that is, through TD/HSPA The wireless network transmits terminal data to realize customer wireless monitoring and data collection. The system uses TD network as the main transmission bearer, the system can be carried on the mobile TD public network, and can also be carried on the TD small private network according to the needs of customers. It is reported that this TD system equipment is especially suitable for special places such as oil fields and media mines. For example, the geographical environment of the oil field is complex, and the oil wells are widely distributed. It is very inconvenient to use manual monitoring equipment and data collection, and the real-time performance is poor. It is also inconvenient to use wired transmission. Therefore, using TD for wireless data transmission has become an ideal data transmission method in the oilfield industry, which can provide real-time and reliable monitoring data. (Silver Sword)