Big talk about going abroad for immigration: Sai Weng lost his visa, but he didn't know that time was like an arrow, and he didn't know when he started to add a lot of gray hair on his temples. After going through the 46th year of my long life, I am middle-aged and in Australia, a land rich in red wine. Looking back on my mental journey of applying for various types of visas in Australia for many years, my heart can be described as mixed and filled with emotion. I have been engaged in 5 different occupations. For more than 8 years, I have been engaged in wine wholesale and salon trading in Australia and France, and the business is very prosperous. I also met many people with lofty ideals and lived a leisurely life. In other words, 5 years ago, I sent my 17-year-old son to Australia for preparatory education. I am very pleased that my son is very sensible. After a lot of hard work, he was admitted to the International Trade major of Central Queensland University. Every year, my wife, who is the vice-principal of a famous middle school, makes two trips to Australia to visit our son. Gradually, we learned a lot about Australia, fell in love with this country, and began to think about immigration. However, when a local "Ghost" lawyer in Australia helped us apply for a 457 visa, it was unfortunately rejected. Three years ago, through a friend's recommendation, I met a Hong Kong accountant. It is said that he has a special relationship with the Immigration Bureau, so we entrusted him to apply for a 163A business immigrant visa. Unexpectedly, 18 months later, I got another visa refusal notice. I was a college student in the mid-1980s. I spent a lot of effort in running this company myself. The company is profitable every year, and the documents are well prepared. The interview is even more fluent. The result of the visa refusal really surprised me and was very difficult to accept. Because we export a lot of red wine to Australia and have a good relationship with Austrade, we have co-hosted Australian Lifestyle Show and Australian Carnival with Austrade many times. The then Senior Chief Executive, Ms. Yvonne Chan, also helped me write a letter of recommendation, but the result was very disappointing as the accountants were not 100% familiar with immigration regulations. This incident cast a shadow on me and my family. I lost confidence in obtaining a visa and even questioned the Australian government's immigration policy. In October 2007, I accidentally saw the news of the introduction meeting of Aoye Immigration Company. They focused on recommending employer-sponsored immigrants, and it was a one-step process for a family to obtain permanent residence status! I went to the lecture with the last glimmer of hope and skepticism. Under the detailed introduction of their company consultant, I gradually gained confidence in applying for an Australian visa. I basically meet the conditions of the employer-sponsored visa: under the age of 45, with a college degree or above. As for the employer, I can ask my partner in the wine business in Australia to guarantee my nomination. As for the IELTS, I will try my best to get a 4.5. With the dream of living in Australia, I started the "journey" of applying for immigration. However, things are always so twists and turns. I tried my best to get 4 IELTS twice, and my business partner, my 'employer', had some problems with the sponsorship documents, delaying the time. At the same time, I also realized another problem. The major I studied was not very relevant to the nominated position, and our whole family broke into a cold sweat. It was Aoye Immigration Company that was professional and calm. They assisted my Australian employer to solve the problems on the documents as soon as possible, and submitted the visa application within one month after my 45th birthday. During the whole process of applying for the visa, the immigration consultant of their company has been patiently comforting me, encouraging me, giving me confidence, and they explained to me in detail how to help me get nominated? How can I prove to the Immigration Service my ability to work and years of experience in the Australian wine business? How can I apply for an age and English exemption? How can I highlight that my abilities are not limited to my major? However, I was still skeptical of them, and my heart had been hanging like a big rock. Just over the age, IELTS did not meet the requirements, academic qualifications are not relevant, in fact, I have prepared myself to fail again. Just as I was anxiously waiting for the background check, one day after I handed over the visa, my immigration consultant called to tell me that my visa was approved! For a while, I couldn't find any words to describe my mood at that time. After many immigration applications over the years, I was full of confidence at the beginning and then disappointed again and again, but this time I was relatively unfavorable in various conditions. Under the circumstances, successfully obtained the visa, and is a permanent resident status! Excited, moved, I can't even believe this fact... I have been denied a temporary resident visa after applying for so many times. My heart is extremely cold. In this almost irreversible situation, things have turned around. , the willows are dark and the flowers are bright, and finally let me achieve my wish for many years and get the permanent status of Australia at one time. It is in response to the old saying: "If you lose your horse, how can you know that it is not a blessing?" I am very grateful for my long-term persistence, and I am even more grateful to Aoye Immigration for its professional ability and careful help. It is such a company with rich experience and strength. The immigration agent of my company not only let me know the employer-sponsored visa, but also allowed me to obtain this type of visa, which relieved my regrets for many years. Now, in Australia, feeling the fresh air and pleasant atmosphere of life here, I will often recall my rough immigration experience. Although the whole process was full of many hardships, the hope and gain in it must be Brought to me by Ms. Li Min and her Aoye immigration company. Here, I would like to say to those who have immigration ideas or are in the process of immigration: "When the road in front of you is full of bumps and bumps, please don't give up easily. Taking this opportunity, as long as you are full of confidence and keep trying other methods, you will surely see new hope and finally succeed!"