The first application experience exchange meeting for famous American schools was launched (Photo) Entering the halls of world-class famous schools will make students dream of it, but how does the dream become a reality? The personal experience of the successful ones will reveal the wonderful stories behind your application. From May 13th to 27th, sponsored by Stanford China-US Student Exchange Forum (FACES) Fudan Branch, Peking University Student International Exchange Association, Tsinghua University Accounting Association, Shanghai Jiaotong University Drinking Water Siyuan BBS Overseas Edition, Sina Education Exclusive Network Media Support, Tsinghua Shuimu Community BBS, Shanghai Jiaotong University Drinking Water Siyuan BBS, Fudan Yanxi BBS, and Peking University's New Messaging BBS, the "2009 Top American School Application Experience Exchange Conference" will enter Fudan, Peking University, Tsinghua University and Shanghai Jiaotong University to share the successful application for the United States for the majority of students. Experience in prestigious schools. According to the organizer, at 18:30 on May 13, the first session of the exchange meeting will be officially launched in Room 208, Teaching 3, Handan Campus, Fudan University, No. 220, Handan Road, Shanghai. At that time, including Liu Jia and Hu Xinyue from Harvard, Zhu Wenjia from Stanford, Mao Yandong from MIT, Zhou Qinhua from Yale, and Chai Jiayi from Cornell and Chicago, 8 who have successfully applied to the world's top schools Fudan seniors will tell about the valuable experience of successfully applying for famous American schools, the application characteristics of their respective majors, how to plan in advance, the help of internship experience, and the experience of high test scores. In the second part, the organizer specially invited Mr. Zhang Hengrui, a master of Yale University and president of Xuemei, to analyze the most representative application cases this year in detail, to reveal the secrets of successful applications, and to interpret the latest changes in admissions policies of American graduate schools, scholarship issuance, and how At the same time, you can apply for school selection across several majors, how to make the most appropriate school selection list and tailor your application plan according to your own conditions, and the most cutting-edge information about studying abroad such as changes in master's and doctoral applications under crisis. In addition, in the on-site question and answer session of the exchange meeting, the students present can ask Zhang Hengrui, president of Xuemei, and 8 seniors who have successfully applied to the world's top universities to ask any doubts about studying in the United States. Consultant Zhang and the 8 outstanding seniors will answer them one by one and communicate with each other. After the meeting, students can continue to conduct further exchanges, establish longer-term connections with each other, and create conditions for future applications.