Nuggets VS Mavericks Prospect: Dirk is waiting for the melon to be unattended inside Sina Sports News Beijing November 7th, the Dallas Mavericks will host the Denver Nuggets at the American Airlines Arena. The current record of the two teams is that the Mavericks have 3 wins and 1 loss, and the Nuggets have 3 wins and 2 losses. The two teams just finished their battle in Denver on November 4, and the Mavericks beat their opponents 102-101. The turning point of the game came in the final moments when Caron Butler hit a game-winning 3-pointer and Carmelo Anthony made a dunk, but his 22-foot jumper was denied by the rim on Sean Marion's defense. , according to Anthony himself, he is 90% sure. The star of the last game was Dirk Nowitzki, who scored a season-high 35 points. Due to the injury of Nene Hilario, none of the Nuggets players were taller than 2.10 meters. They took the height of 2.13 meters. Nowitzki is completely helpless. And the Mavericks also have Tyson Chandler, who is 2.16 meters tall, and he grabbed 9 rebounds in the game. At present, the Nuggets' interior injury is still not relieved. Nowitzki averaged 21.3 points per game against the Nuggets last season, but this season, facing the absence of Kenyon Martin, Chris Anderson and Nene, he is half-hearted. The field scored 20 points. In order to counter the height advantage of the Mavericks, the Nuggets did their best in the last game. Undrafted rookie forward Gary Forbes in 2008 got a starting chance. He played 24 minutes and scored 12 points on 6-of-12 shooting, but please note that these points were obtained in the first half. Familiarity certainly helped him, and Nowitzki even admitted in a post-match interview that he didn't know him. Al Harrington also played 32 minutes in that game, scoring 16 points. Against the Clippers today, the Nuggets did not continue to use Forbes, but instead used Melvin Eli, who is 2.08 meters tall, who played 30 minutes in the game and scored 5 points and 8 rebounds. Meet again after 3 days, the Mavericks have the advantage, they rested for three days, and they are still sitting on the advantage of the home court, it can be said that they are waiting for work. For the Nuggets, Forbes has lost his freshness. Eli, an 8-year veteran, can't play any tricks. He can only pin his hopes on Anthony, who has been in great shape recently. He scored 20 points and 15 rebounds against the Mavericks. He made 14 of 20 shots and scored 30 points, 5 rebounds and 6 assists. It is foreseeable that this matchup between old and new forwards will continue to be sparkling. The two sides are expected to start: Nuggets: Chauncey Billups, Aaron Afflalo, Anthony, Sheldon Williams, Eli Mavericks, Jason Kidd, Jason Terry, Butler, Nowitzki, Chandler