Liaozu's signing crisis leads to registration difficulties, high-level coercion and temptation of contracts. Sina Sports News on February 24, Liaozu broke out in a collective refusal to sign a contract. If the contract is not signed, the registration problem of Liaozu is very difficult. As in previous years, the Liaoning Football Association encountered a registration crisis, but in the end they all stumbled through the border. This year, the secretary surnamed Huang and the deputy general manager Sui Yan, who were dispatched by Liaoning Hongyun Group to the club, met different resistance in Haigeng than in previous years. This time to sign the contract, Liaozu's contract is the focus of much doubt. They trapped young players transferred from the reserve team with a five-year contract with a monthly salary of 1,000 yuan, and used intimidation and coercion to force them to sign the contract. Such a contract is undoubtedly a contract like a contract. From the age of 20 to 25, these players earn an annual income of 12,000 yuan, which is not as good as a restaurant waiter. The veterans of the team, who have become accustomed to such scenes, refused to sign in unprecedented unity. Although the contract of the old players has an annual increase of 20%, but the decisive premise is that if the overrun is unsuccessful, the salary will be halved. This is a typical conspiracy. With the current progress of the Liao Football Club, the possibility of overtaking is very small. That is to say, such a contract is a contract that hides a knife in a smile. On the surface, the salary and bonus may be increased. It is better for the club to stand up and say that it will not overtake, and the wages and bonuses of the main players will be halved. This also seems to be in line with the current situation of Chinese League One clubs, but the club has to use the guise of overtaking as a show. From 1995 to 1995, when Liaozu was relegated to Hongyun and took over, they encountered contract problems every year. In Haigeng, the players collectively rejected the club's contract. Many players did not sign it until the end of the year, but they only took salaries and bonuses . This situation existed from 1999 to 2003, but at that time, marginal substitute players of Liaozu could get 10,000 yuan, and the highest salary of reserve team players was around 8,000. Zhang Shuguang also encountered this situation during the most difficult time of Liao Football. On the one hand, the debtor provided materials to the Football Association, on the other hand, the players refused to sign, and finally settled the crisis through various relationships, but the premise must be promised to others money. The worst thing is to leave an IOU for the party. Although it could not be replaced at the time, but promised to replace it later, this also gives creditors a bottom line. It is really impossible to solve it through legal procedures. In the 2008 season, Hongyun Group was very difficult to pay for the team's various expenses. Although the club owner repeatedly emphasized that it was rich, the payment was very delayed. At the critical stage of the Liao Football team's relegation, only the main players of the team can get salaries, and people outside the 18-man roster can't get any money at all. After the end of the season, the club barely made up the salary in 2008, but the game bonus has not been in place, and the accumulated amount is as much as 3 million. At the same time, players such as Sun Feng and Wang Chao who left the Liaozu Football Association failed to ask for wages for many times. They could only go to the Football Association for help. Among them, there was also the coach Zhao Faqing who had left the Liaozu Football Team. It is said that Cheng Penghui, the former general manager of Liaoning Football Association, also submitted materials to the Football Association and was about to ask for salary from Liao Football. The question, "I don't think it has reached that level yet." Many coaches who have left Liaozu, including Li Shubin, who is now the head coach of Changchun Yatai, believe that the 2009 season is the best chance for Liaozu to reach the Super League, "because this year's China League One The investment of each team is not large, and many clubs lack the enthusiasm to rush to the Super League, and they are reducing their expenses. If Liaozu really wants to rush to the Super League, there is a great hope for the 2009 season." Liaozu rushes to the Super League, what to do? Liaozu himself does not know! Liaozu was a little confused about the goals for 2009. Although the main lineup remained relatively complete, the club's investment dropped sharply. Many times the employees of the club are sighing, where does the money come from? Recently, several employees of the club have left, and Liaozu has become a real pocket club. It is hard to say how much confidence these people have in Chongchao in the coming year. Someone once sighed: "We must call the Chinese Super League, but if we can't rush up, it depends on the action. The slogan must be shouted..." Anyone can shout the slogan, and the Liaozu will also shout, but what to do after shouting, Hongyun seems to have his own plans. This signing action is the beginning. What is certain is that if the players do not sign contracts and the clubs do not pay the arrears, Liaozu cannot complete the registration. Hongyun lacks football management experience, lacks experience in crisis public relations, lacks strategic thinking and courage in club management and team management, and this registration crisis will bring them a severe test. To sign or not to sign, that is the question! For Liao football players who have experienced vicissitudes of life, this contract is only a special one in their playing career. What the players need most at this time is the candid attitude of the Liao Football Club. (Xu Zheng)