700 three-pointers led to the active player of the Guangdong Neuro-killer. He ranked third. Sina Sports News "Can you give me time? I want time!" After Guangdong lost to Xinjiang at home and suffered a two-game losing streak, Wang Shipeng said this on his Weibo. wrote. In that game, Wang Shipeng only played 23 minutes and 03 seconds, scored 8 points, and made 3 of 6 two-pointers. He was two goals short of his 700th three-pointer in his CBA career in that game, but his poor touch delayed the milestone. Then facing Qingdao, Wang Shipeng scored 23 points in 36 minutes, but the outside touch was not good, and he only made 1 of 6 three-pointers. Facing Shandong this time, after hitting his first three-pointer of the game, Wang Shipeng completed the milestone of 700 three-pointers. He scored 9 points in the whole game. The only bad news is that his hand is still not good, and he only made 1 of 5 three-pointers. At present, Wang Shipeng ranks third in the total number of three-pointers made by active players. Before him is Xu Guo? of the Xinjiang team, and Zhu Fangyu is the only active player with more than 1,000 three-pointers. Due to an ankle injury, Wang Shipeng made a comeback in the match against the Beijing team. He only played 12 minutes and 28 seconds in that game, and then he played 23 minutes and 03 seconds in Xinjiang. What Wang Shipeng needs now is time, not only time to fully recover from injuries, but also playing time. This season is Wang Shipeng's 12th season with the Guangdong team. In the previous four consecutive seasons, Wang Shipeng has made at least two three-pointers in every game. Although Wang Shipeng's three-point shooting rate is not high (more than 40% in only one season in his career), Wang Shipeng's ecstasy three-point shot at a critical moment is undoubtedly the most feared by his opponents. Needless to say, the lore at the 2006 World Championships in Japan is of course the lore of Iran in the just-concluded Asian Games in Guangzhou, and a key shot in the final against South Korea. Magical performances have proved the true character of Wang Shipeng's killer again and again. Wang Shipeng is not a natural killer. In the first four seasons of his career, his three-point shooting rate has never exceeded 30%. From the 05-06 season, Wang Shipeng's offense gradually shifted to the outside. In the 07-08 season, his hit rate reached a career-high 42%, and his scoring average also reached a career-high 19.8 points. This season, after a summer of national team competitions, Wang Shipeng's state has not been affected. In the first game, facing Zhejiang, he made 4 three-pointers and scored 23 points. But it was also in this game that Wang Shipeng was accidentally injured and has been in the recovery period since then. The foot injury has not fully recovered, and Wang Shipeng's state has not fully recovered. In the last three games, Wang Shipeng has only made 2 of 17 shots from the outside. Such a hit rate is obviously not enough to provide the team with more firepower. Zhu Fangyu is also slowly recovering, and Wang Shipeng is also looking for a state. Two consecutive victories should be a turning point for Guangdong. After the new foreign aid is in place, the former champion will come back. (Niu Ren)