Park 1872 Night and China Merchants Real Estate 25th Anniversary Celebration Reception (Photos) At 19:00 on April 25, 2009, the Park 1872 (forum photo album apartment model sample room map search) marketing center is full of friends at the lakeside of the Red Scarf Park, East Fourth Ring Road, Chaoyang District , unfolding a picture of the glorious night of 1872 in the park of "Above a Century, Handed Down Treasures" - the 25th anniversary celebration of China Merchants Real Estate (enterprise area, its real estate) and the prosperous picture of the reception. Mr. Li Jie, Marketing Director of China Merchants Real Estate Beijing Management Headquarters, expressed his sincere gratitude to the new and old customers and friends from all walks of life who have supported and cared about China Merchants Real Estate over the past 25 years and said that China Merchants Real Estate will adhere to the corporate philosophy of "Century Merchants in Love for a Century" Work harder and meticulously to provide a living space that makes customers more satisfied. At the reception, a splendid vertu mobile phone and Bunker jewelry luxury show were staged, giving customers a fashion visual feast of international first-line luxury brands. Wine appreciation, interactive games, professional magic performances, etc. also gave customers a dazzling visual impact, a pleasant wine tasting journey, and vivid interactive games made the whole reception full of splendor. The international luxury brand quiz event makes customers feel more and more enthusiastic, and truly experience the rich luxury feedback from China Merchants Real Estate, Prada, Gucci, Armani, Versace and other famous products, allowing customers to sincerely experience the luxury journey, especially the 10,000 yuan The above PRADA purple fashion new handbags made customers excited, and made customers smile and return home in the international famous product quiz of Longines and Omega. Time: April 25, 2009 19:00-21:00 Venue: Sales Office of Park 1871 The following is the wonderful record of this event: The picture shows the opening program of the event "Passionate Violin Performance" Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen , first and foremost, good evening everyone! First of all, I would like to welcome you all to attend the 1872 Glorious Night in the Park and the Appreciation Reception for the 25th Anniversary Celebration of China Merchants Real Estate. The host, Yao Yao, on behalf of the organizers of the event, would like to express my heartfelt thanks to all of you for coming! Today is a very special day. China Merchants Real Estate celebrates its 25th birthday. It can be said that China Merchants Real Estate has developed from 1984 to the present. After constant baptism and testing by the market, China Merchants Real Estate has developed into a combination of development and property. A complete real estate enterprise group has formed a market structure with Shenzhen as the center and the Pearl River Delta, the Yangtze River Delta and the Bohai Rim Economic Belt as the key business areas. The 25th anniversary is also very short for China Merchants Real Estate. From youth to middle age, it also ushered in its own maturity and brilliance. On this very festive day, we first applaud and invite Li Jie, Marketing Director of Park 1872, to give us a speech . Li Jie: Thank you, the host. Today is a special night. It is a great honor to invite our distinguished customers and distinguished guests from Hua Xia Bank to attend the 25th anniversary celebration reception of China Merchants Real Estate. 25 years ago, it was April 25, 1984. Today is the day China Merchants Real Estate was established. 25 years is a long time for many real estate companies, but it is not a long time for China Merchants Real Estate. In fact, China Merchants Real Estate has gone through a history of more than 100 years before this. Therefore, although China Merchants Real Estate is now There are only 25 years, but the blood of the enterprise for more than 100 years is flowing. The picture shows Li Jie, the marketing director of Park 1872, which has more than 100 years of development experience and its corporate culture, which has been fully reflected in China Merchants Real Estate. 2008 was a very important year for China Merchants Real Estate. In 2008, many big things happened. In the case of market impact, it was recognized by customers. This is the biggest gain of China Merchants Real Estate. 2009 is also a very important year for China Merchants Real Estate. 2009 is the year of China Merchants Real Estate's customer service. Although the customer service system of domestic real estate companies started from China Merchants Real Estate, we feel that it is still not enough in the course of 25 years. From this year, we will treat customer service as the most important business indicator of China Merchants Real Estate, rather than simply a job. Task, after this year, I think China Merchants Real Estate's service can be improved to a higher level, and I hope to gain greater recognition from customers. After 25 years of China Merchants Real Estate, I also hope that in the next 25 years and the next 25 years, I can meet you again, and I hope you will become our customers forever. That's all I have to say today, thank you for your participation. Moderator: Thank you Mr. Li Jie for his speech, which made us feel the extraordinary journey that China Merchants Real Estate has gone through in the past 25 years, and also look forward to the future with us. In fact, on this night, we invite you to join us, not only to witness the 25th anniversary of China Merchants Real Estate, but more importantly, to create the most beautiful night for every friend present. memory. In the next time, let us follow the footsteps of the models to enjoy a jewelry show together. I believe that this jewelry show will definitely light up the starry sky tonight, please! i want to comment