Choose from nine special areas: the Bundesliga has the potential to play against the unbeaten home team. Any of the nine combinations recommended in this column last week, except for the combination with the least amount of 16 yuan, all the other three-level combinations have won the prize, and the bonus for each bet is nearly Five thousand yuan, very profitable. This Saturday's matchup is moderately difficult and ideal for lottery betting. To make a preliminary analysis from the basic confrontation in this issue, there are quite a few games available for single selection in this issue. Liverpool, Arsenal, Manchester City, Bayern, Schalke, Stuttgart and other games are all candidates for single selection. In terms of the degree of analysis, of course, it is the most reliable to let the opponent's half/two goals for Liverpool. However, once Liverpool wins successfully, the bonus is estimated to be no more than 10,000 yuan. Therefore, we can consider using different combinations in the actual betting process. Form, in addition to the regular combination of Liverpool as the courage, you can reserve a small part of the combination to give up the combination of Liverpool's courage, in order to achieve the effect of Bo cold. The Bundesliga has potential players to make a preliminary division based on the Asian handicap. Among the 14 games in this issue, in addition to Liverpool VS Stoke City, which is estimated to have a larger handicap, Schalke 04 VS Frankfurt, Stuttgart VS Karlsruhe's handicap. The ball index is also estimated to be around one ball. Therefore, if you want to discover more single-choice matches, you may wish to screen them out. The strength of Schalke 04 has improved a lot this season. From the coaches introduced in the Eredivisie to the players in the Eredivisie, they are very practical. I believe that the performance of Schalke 04 this season should be improved. As for the only player in this game The concern is the goalkeeper link. Due to the injury of the main goalkeeper Neuer, there are still some loopholes and hidden worries in the defense. Therefore, the reliability of the radio is slightly reduced. Although Stuttgart's performance is not stable for the time being, it is at least much better than Karlsruhe, especially at home. Judging from the home win rate last season, it is still worth pursuing. The home team's undefeated home team has become the mainstream. This week's two strong matches of the British and German combination were originally used to increase the difficulty of the quiz. They are Chelsea VS Manchester United, Bayern VS Bremen, but from the analysis of their current situation, it increases the difficulty. The wish seems to be difficult to achieve. It was originally a strong match. Because of the change in the strength ratio, it may even become a single choice. Due to injuries, Manchester United has fallen far behind its opponents. The suspension of the main defender Vidic has made Manchester United a little bit more. With the support of the unbeaten record at home for six consecutive seasons, Chelsea should be the first choice. As for Bayern and Bremen, the gap between the two teams has been widened, which can be seen from the results of the two midweek Champions League matches. Bayern won 1-0 as a guest, while Bremen at home could only win 0-0. A Cyprus team fights. In an era when economic interests are paramount, there is no reason why the UEFA Champions League, which is far more economical than the Bundesliga, is not attractive. Werder Bremen’s victory can only be said that they are already on the decline. In fact, their current lineup is no longer capable of competing with Bayern. .