Global Entrepreneur: 2009 PE Power List This is a difficult year. For PE investments that require larger-scale capital, the turbulent global financial environment has a more severe impact on it. Although it does not involve leveraged buyouts, the downward trend in China's PE market is also quite obvious. According to the data of Zero2IPO Group, the total domestic PE investment in 2008 reached US$9.606 billion, down 25.1% from 2007. In this environment, the PE market is much flatter than it was in 2007. The problems hidden under the market boom that year also began to be exposed. For example, the departure of Bohai Fund CEO Ou Wei demonstrated the embarrassing problem that the industrial fund LP was too involved. The following is the power list listed by Global Entrepreneurs based on the core competitiveness of major PEs in China, teams, the importance of existing investment cases, and long-term development trends. Almost no one at CDH doubts Wu Shangzhi and Jiao Zhen's judgment on private enterprises. Look at these figures: CDH’s USD 100 million fund established in 2002 had an internal rate of return of 141%, and its investment return multiple was 4.3 times; the USD 300 million fund established in 2005 had an internal rate of return of 169%, with an investment return of 4.9 times ( The returns are calculated as of December 31, 2007). More than 30 investment companies have been invested, of which 13 have been successfully listed. There is no doubt that relying on these outstanding achievements, CDH has occupied the primary position of domestic PE, and has also created a number of outstanding private enterprises. In 2008, CDH, which was gradually entering a mature stage, received investment from the National Social Security Fund and raised its first RMB fund, which will open up another big market for CDH. Funds under management: USD funds exceed USD 3 billion; RMB funds raised to RMB 5 billion in 2008 exit projects: Mengniu, Li Ning, Nanfu Battery, Shuanghui, Jiangxi Saiwei, Belle, Hangmei Media, etc. Hony Management Funds: manages a There are RMB funds and four USD funds, with a total size of more than 20 billion RMB. Among them, the fourth phase fund raised in 2008 has exited projects of US$1.4 billion: Linyang New Energy, China Glass, Simcere Pharmaceutical rely on Lenovo's brand and the super operation ability of the team, and Hony Capital has done a good job in the special field of state-owned enterprise restructuring. . In 2008, Hony became the first investment target of the National Social Security Fund, and obtained a RMB 2 billion fund. At the same time, when the world was in economic crisis, Hony took the offensive as the defense and found another opportunity to take advantage of the drop in overseas asset prices to help the Chinese companies it invested in to implement internationalization strategies. For example, in 2008, Hony successfully helped the invested Zoomlion to acquire CIFA, the world's third largest concrete construction machinery manufacturer, and the internationalization process of Shijiazhuang Pharmaceutical is also in progress. Carlyle Management Fund: Carlyle Asia Fund I and Carlyle Asia Fund II, totaling US$2.55 billion Exit Project: Pacific China Holdings Listing Project: Pacific Insurance Investment Project: Yangzhou Chengde Steel Pipe, Pacific Insurance, Chongqing International Composites Co., Ltd. Lei is one of the earliest foreign PEs to enter China, and it is also the foreign PE with the best diversified business development in China. Its PE funds, venture capital funds and real estate funds operate in the Chinese market at the same time. In 2007, the Pacific Insurance Company invested by Carlyle was successfully listed on the A-share market. According to the market value of CPIC on the first day, Carlyle’s yield exceeded ten times. Carlyle originally intended to make CPIC listed in H shares, so that the A shares in its hands could be converted into H shares for cash, without having to wait for the three-year lock-up period of A shares. But unfortunately, the market took a sharp turn for the worse, CPIC's H-share listing plan was put on hold, and Carlyle's idea of cashing out at a high level was postponed indefinitely. At the same time, after three years of entanglement, Carlyle finally announced to give up XCMG. HOPU Fund Management Fund: US$2.5 billion Fang Fenglei, a first-generation local Chinese investment banker, founded HOPU Fund in late 2007. In 2008, under the market downturn, Hopu Fund raised an investment of 2.5 billion US dollars, which is evident in Fang Fenglei's recognition. In 2008, the Hopu Fund raised eyebrows when it first made a sale - it bought about 30% of the shares of Bank of China sold by Royal Bank of Scotland, worth about 5.5 billion yuan. In addition, after Huang Guangyu was audited, when Gome wanted to introduce strategic investors to inject capital, it also appeared in the negotiations with Gome. New Horizon Capital (Xinhongyuan Capital) Managed funds: the first phase of the fund is 100 million US dollars, the second phase of the fund is 600 million US dollars Listed projects: Tianwei Yingli, Goldwind Technology focus on manufacturing, new energy, consumer goods, biomedicine and New Horizon Capital in the auto parts and other industries has achieved great returns in projects such as Tianwei Yingli and Goldwind Technology, and its investment in Zoomlion and Rongsheng Heavy Industry are also outstanding in the industry. Yu Jianming, President of New Horizon Capital, holds a Ph.D. in biology from Harvard University and has unique advantages in the biotechnology industry. His investments in Kasai Bio and Yanshen Bio are both favored by the industry. Bain Managed Fund: The first Asian fund is a US$1 billion investment Project: Tranlin Packaging, ZOSE Golden Bridge, Jinsheng Group, Feixiang Chemical IPO Project: ZOSE Golden Bridge Aborted due to opposition, which made Bain Capital, which has spent a lot of energy on this project, suffered a big blow. In the middle of the year, China Television Golden Bridge, which Bain invested in, was listed, but the stock price continued to fall due to the impact of the financial market, and it took considerable patience to obtain good returns. Bain has also appeared in deal negotiations to bid for Huawei's terminal business and Gome.