Discounts for studying abroad: New majors are popular in New Zealand (pictured) Special guest: Gagannan, Counselor of the New Zealand Consulate in China New Zealand follows the traditional British education system. Academic qualifications are recognized by international educational institutions and society. The visa policy is loose, the guarantee funds are small, and the cost of studying abroad has plummeted thanks to the lower exchange rate. Regarding the hot issues of studying in New Zealand, our reporter interviewed Ge Gannan, counselor of the New Zealand Consulate in China. If you have any questions about studying in New Zealand, you can also call our study abroad hotline (028-86969135) for consultation. Reporter: What is the cost of studying in New Zealand? Is the entry barrier high? Which language tests are accepted by New Zealand universities? Ge Gannan: The annual tuition and living expenses for undergraduate study in New Zealand are about 25,000-30,000 New Zealand dollars, equivalent to about 100,000-120,000 yuan. Entry criteria depend on the course, and all universities accept the IELTS test, and some also accept test scores such as TOEFL and Cambridge English. Reporter: What preparations do I need to make if I study in New Zealand next year? Are college entrance exam scores required? What is the minimum IELTS score required? Ge Gannan: It is necessary to do research 3-4 months in advance, understand the situation of majors and institutions, and apply. Many universities use the college entrance examination results as a reference, but it is not necessary. The results of high school are also the reference content. The IELTS requirements are 6 points for undergraduate and 6.5 for graduate students. If the requirements are not met, you can improve your scores through language training and preparatory training. Reporter: How are New Zealand universities divided? How do students choose the school that is right for them? Ge Gannan: All universities in New Zealand are comprehensive universities with their own strengths. Students should choose a city and major according to their own conditions and interests, and then check the school's educational resources and fees. All polytechnics in New Zealand are public and are higher education institutions that award degrees. Polytechnics in New Zealand focus on teaching applied science and research in applied disciplines. At the same time, there are more than 800 private educational institutions in New Zealand that teach unique training courses, some of which can award undergraduate and higher degree courses. According to New Zealand law, there are only 8 universities in New Zealand. Only these 8 can be consistent with the name of "university". They are: Auckland University of Technology (www.aut.ac.nz), Lincoln University (www.lincoln.ac.nz), Massey University (www.massey.ac.nz), University of Auckland (www. .auckland.ac.nz), University of Canterbury (www.canterbury.ac.nz), University of Waikato (www.waikato.ac.nz), Victoria University of Wellington (www.vuw.ac .nz), University of Otago (www.otago.ac.nz). Reporter: Can you give students some advice on choosing a major? Gegannan: In New Zealand, some traditional subjects such as agriculture, animal husbandry, environment, business and education are well known. In recent years, more students have become interested in emerging subjects in New Zealand, such as design, animation design, film, media and more. A growing number of New Zealand students are succeeding in these subjects. Reporter: What preparations do I need to make if I go to New Zealand for graduate school? How much does that cost? Ge Gannan: Undergraduate scores in related majors and English scores above 6.5 in IELTS are required. Other professional requirements are determined according to professional requirements. Tuition and living expenses total about 30,000 New Zealand dollars a year, equivalent to about 120,000 yuan. Reporter: What is New Zealand's skilled immigration policy? Ge Gannan: New Zealand's skilled immigration is based on a points system. At 100 points, you can enter the screening mechanism, and 140 points can automatically obtain immigration status. Degrees and diplomas usually earned in New Zealand can add points, providing a pathway for New Zealand international students from study to work to immigration. Details can be found on the Immigration website www.immigration.govt.nz. Reporter: What scholarships does New Zealand University offer for international students? Ge Gannan: First, the New Zealand Chinese Government Scholarship for Doctoral Research. In April 2008, the New Zealand government and the Chinese government signed a free trade area agreement. As part of the agreement, the New Zealand and Chinese governments launched a doctoral research scholarship program to sponsor 10 Chinese students each year to study for a three-year doctoral degree at a New Zealand university. At the same time, it sponsors 10 New Zealand students to study for a three-year doctoral degree at a Chinese university. The second is the New Zealand International Doctoral Research Fellowship. It is a global full scholarship awarded by the New Zealand government, covering tuition fees, living expenses, travel expenses and other subsidies for international students to pursue doctoral research courses in New Zealand. Each award-winning student can be funded for 3 years of study in a doctoral research program. The main selection criteria for this scholarship is academic excellence. Interested students can pay attention to the following website: www.newzealandeducated.com/scholarships. From January 2006, international doctoral students studying in New Zealand can enjoy the tuition fees of domestic students. Before the policy was promulgated, the annual tuition fee for doctoral study in New Zealand was about 25,000 yuan; after the policy was promulgated, the annual tuition fee for doctoral study was about 10,000 yuan. At the same time, the spouses of students who go to New Zealand to study for a doctoral degree can apply for a work visa in New Zealand, and their children can enjoy the study expenses of local students during the school-age period. Finally, there are scholarship programs for various universities. Universities in New Zealand have their own scholarship programs. Students can follow the websites of individual universities.