Revealing the secrets of private lottery in Northeast China: The parasites of high-return prizes that become bait for private lottery and public lottery At the recent provincial capital city Welfare Lottery Information Exchange Conference, the heads of the capital city Welfare Lottery Centers of the three northeastern provinces all mentioned the impact of private lottery on the local lottery market and the shock. In 2003, private lottery first appeared in the Northeast market. Since then, although governments at all levels have been increasing their efforts to crack down on private lottery, the effect is only temporary. Instead of eradicating private lottery, private lottery has become more and more "tenacious" and hidden. - Our reporter Xi Run I Cai, the parasite of the public lottery "Lottery people check their numbers in the site, and then go out to play private lottery, can sales not decline?" Yang Qinghua, the owner of No. 21120085, Kaiyuan City, Liaoning Province, was helpless. In May of this year, a strange phenomenon occurred. Although there were many people before the site shut down every night, many lottery players did not vote after discussing the numbers. Instead, they got into the cake shop opposite the site in groups of three or five. It turned out that the little owner of the cake shop became the downline of the private lottery. "It turned out that the site's 3D sales were more than 1,000 yuan a day, and now it can't even guarantee 400 yuan." Yang Qinghua originally thought that running a betting shop would have a stable income, but now he is suffering from the impact of private lottery, and the site's computer ticket sales have shrunk by 50%. Coupled with the pressure of operating costs such as rent, water and electricity, Yang Qinghua felt that he could not make ends meet, and even planned to give up the operation for a while, and he also learned that the news of Tieling's conversion machines in the past three months has gradually increased. Qu Kaishan, the owner of No. 22010336 station in Changchun City, Jilin Province, also abhors private lottery. "As soon as the sales peak is reached, there are strange faces whispering with lottery players at the site, pulling lottery people to buy 'black lottery'." In addition, there are many more Qu Kaishan. He was tempted by private lottery for the first time, and several times people around him suggested that he was offline for the "company" and underground dealers, promising to give them higher consignment rebates, but he sternly refused. Private lottery continues to "encroach" on betting stations, especially in major capital cities in Northeast China, making betting stations as the "foundation" of the lottery market face a severe test. Harbin Welfare Lottery Center conducted a survey on the sales of private lottery in the city's betting stations this year, and found that the sites selling private lottery accounted for about one-third of the city's Welfare Lottery betting sites. There are about 500. Wang Wenyan, director of the Harbin Welfare Lottery Center, said that driven by huge profits from private lottery, not only the betting shop has become a sales channel for illegal lottery tickets, but also a large number of national lottery sales funds have been withheld. Taking 3D as an example, at present, a dealer can receive orders of 100,000-200,000 yuan per day, and there are roughly 40-50 dealers in each provincial capital in the Northeast. The sales volume of private lottery even accounts for one-half of the sales volume of 3D games in a city, which shows how harmful it is to the lottery market. Zhao Gang (pseudonym), who was involved in private lottery trading in Northeast China, talked to reporters about the evolution history of private lottery he experienced. From 2003, when the site owner used consignment fees to increase the reward bonus, to 3D and Rank 3, it shrank after the listing. Paid service, from the bundle of service fees and lottery funds in 2005, to the private lottery stage independent of the public lottery at the end of 2006, he summarized the development of private lottery into four stages. At the end of 2003, the betting shop owners in the northeast region began to use the consignment fee to increase the vicious competitiveness of the way of returning prizes. Under normal circumstances, the lottery issuing agency returns a part of the lottery sales of the betting station to the site owner as a consignment fee, and the site owner uses the consignment fee to privately increase the bonus. Zhao Gang started to buy lottery tickets during this period, and he often went to buy lottery tickets at betting stations that are "affordable". Do. In 2004, shrinking software became a "magic weapon" for many betting shops. Betting stations use shrinking software to filter and optimize digital lottery numbers, and charge lottery players a certain percentage of service fees as a means of profit. What's more, if the number selected by the lottery player is shrunk, the site will compensate the lottery player, which is more attractive to the lottery player, and this situation is only a few cases for the site, and generally does not affect the shrinkage of the site. income. "Shrinking software created conditions for the generation of private lottery. The industry companies that produced software first started their business by selling software, and later developed into providing software for free and distributing service fees proportionally to the site." Zhao Gang told reporters. On the basis of shrinking services, lottery players have integrated betting and shrinking purchase methods. With less than the service amount of the second stage, they can enjoy the dual benefits of ticket purchase and service at the same time, and the site has won more and more profits. Amount of betting, attracting more people to join, to achieve "small profits but quick turnover". In the first three stages, there have been specialized companies to operate, especially the emergence of self-shrinking services, and such companies have developed more on a large scale. Because such companies have strong funds and can bear certain compensation risks, more sites are willing to rely on them to carry out such activities and obtain huge profits. This type of company has a pyramid structure, consisting of the head office at the top of the tower, the provincial and municipal agents in the tower, and the betting shop at the bottom of the tower, and the amount is drawn step by step according to the proportion. When a company in Beijing was "expanding its army" to the Northeast, Zhao Gang became the city agent of a medium-sized city in the Northeast where he was located. In 2006, such methods have undergone fundamental changes. Although they still rely on public lottery draws to increase the return bonus, the premise is that they do not issue tickets, but separate from the lottery issuing agency in the sales link. That is to say, the buyer makes a bet for a certain game in a certain period, but the company does not issue a lottery ticket, but gives a voucher (for concealed operation, the voucher is gradually cancelled). Winning the lottery, the purchase amount will be owned by the company. "This period has become a naked private lottery." Zhao Gang said that the development of private lottery during this period was more concealed, and it was still based on digital lottery draws, because of its fixed odds, low bonuses, and combined risks borne by small dealers Low, ranging from single yards, group selection bits to packages and values, and gradually dissociated from being attached to betting shops, resulting in flooding in many places. There is a long way to go to crack down on private lotteries. As early as 2001, the State Council issued a document on the unauthorized issuance of lottery tickets and other acts, requiring more efforts to issue lottery tickets privately by the private sector, and to issue lottery tickets without the approval of the State Council or in disguise. Department to investigate. A Changchun police officer who had participated in the crackdown on private lottery told reporters that in the past, illegal lottery tickets were sold openly with printed or handwritten written certificates, and it was easy to obtain evidence. Now both buyers and sellers are very alert, and the objects of illegal transactions are among acquaintances. The transaction method was changed to oral transaction, and the transaction location was expanded from inside the site to outside the site. It was difficult to find evidence, and the crackdown measures became more and more difficult to achieve. The person in charge of the Welfare Lottery Center in the capital cities of the three eastern provinces has mentioned many times that problems such as difficulty in obtaining evidence and the lack of cooperation of multiple departments to crack down have formed constraints on cracking down on private lotteries. In addition, some experts believe that the crackdown is only a measure, and the most effective measure is to develop public lottery, increase public welfare publicity, and satisfy the psychology of entertainment and public welfare of lottery buyers. Objectively speaking, the Northeast has a long way to go to clear the "stubborn diseases" of private lottery.