Well-known e-sports players TED and SYC visited Sina on June 10, 2009 at 17:00, two professional players we.pepsi.TeD and we.pepsi.SYC from the well-known domestic e-sports club we team will come to Sina to talk to the majority of players. Let me talk about my current situation and my participation in the "PCGA Pepsi Super Grand Prix" which is in full swing recently. Live entry: Live in progress ID: WE.PEPSI.TED Chinese name: Zeng Zhuo Hometown: Chongqing Birthday: 6.15 Height: 170 Weight: 100KG Team: WE Race: UD Mouse: Razer Blue Particle Keyboard: Purple Keyboard Headphones: Razer Piranha mouse pad: Manits control Memory: Kingston HyperX DDR2 Warcraft project 2005 Sichuan-Chongqing Warcraft Championship. 2005 CIG Chongqing Division Champion 2006 WGT Chongqing Division Champion 2006 WCG Chongqing Division Champion 2006 WGT National Finals 3rd 2007 DreamCup Season 1 Overall Champion 2007 WC3L Season 10 - Best Rookie 2007 ESWC Chongqing Division Champion 2007 2007 WCG Xi'an runner-up, 2007 IEF Beijing champion, 2007 second PPS China-Korea competition individual champion 2008 ROTK world finals team champion ID: WE.PEPSI.SYC Chinese name: Su Youchao 2008 grassroots player Su Youchao (aka: Syc) became famous in battle, won the final national championship in the "PCGA '08 Pepsi Super Grand Prix" and joined the WE.Pepsi team with an annual salary of 200,000 yuan. Now in 2009, you can also "sign a contract with WE and get an annual salary of 200,000"! "Signing with WE, 200,000 annual salary is waiting for you!" This is not just a slogan, it is the highest award given by PCGA (Professional E-Sports League) for its series of events in 2008. Su Youchao (WE.Pepsi.Syc) He is just one of the ordinary grassroots gamers. Now he is wearing the jersey of WE Pepsi, the first e-sports club in China and even in the world. Su Youchao's current game ID is WE.Pepsi.Syc. The outstanding performance of a grassroots gamer in PCGA's events. While PCGA has been working hard to provide more grassroots gamers with this opportunity, the PCGA '09 Grand Prix not only retains the ultimate prize of "signing WE and earning 200,000 annual salary" , and also added online exchangeable prizes with a total value of more than 1 million yuan on the basis of 2008, which does not include the huge cash prizes in the sub-station competition and the finals. Provide grassroots game players with the opportunity to participate in game competitions. PCGA's competitions, ordinary and ordinary gamers can show themselves, bloom their dreams, even become a professional e-sports player, and fight for honor in the international arena! This is the purpose of PCGA and its competitions. PCGA is committed to and Create a stage for grassroots gamers to show themselves, so the setting of game items is extremely rigorous and demanding. The competitiveness and breadth of game items are valued by every game player. PCGA is more than willing to support all kinds of games. Grassroots players host competitions, and the "PCGA '09 Grand Prix" includes events such as Mountain Dew, Mirinda QQ Speed, and Pepsi Super Grand Prix, no matter what type of game you like, "PCGA "The '09 Grand Prix" always has an event for you who likes competition and gaming. "PCGA '09 Grand Prix" covers the whole country, no matter what your interests are, as long as you have dreams and desires, you can easily participate, visit PCGA The official website of the event homepage, simply register and sign up, you can participate in the "PCGA '09 Grand Prix". The first stage of the "PCGA '09 Grand Prix" competition is conducted in Internet cafes and obtained by participating players through the "PCGA Ranking". Points are used to compare the outstanding players. The final finals of the "PCGA '09 Grand Prix" will be held at the Shanghai "ChinaJoy Game Digital Exhibition" in July. At that time, the outstanding players in the grassroots players who participated in the PCGA '09 Grand Prix will be presented to the national game on the spot. Players will show their extraordinary strength and win many awards and prizes specially designed by PCGA. The three major features of PCGA '09 Pepsi Super Grand Prix: 1. Brand-new automatic battle platform, the full-featured PCGA battle platform is the best event organizer The assistant is also the best choice for players to sign up for competitions and leisure and entertainment on weekdays 2. For more competitions, even small Internet cafes in second- and third-tier cities will receive our technical support as long as they join the PCGA professional e-sports league. Mainly organize the competition, no matter where the player is, there is a chance to show their strength 3 . A new mechanism for redeeming points for prizes. On the basis of last year's rankings, we have added redeemable points. Players and Internet cafe owners can use the points obtained by organizing/participating in competitions to log in to the PCGA official website to exchange for rich prizes "PCGA '09 Awards" Please refer to the official website of the Grand Prix: http://www.pepsigamer.cn