Summary of Japan's "Earthquake Sutra": Make disaster prevention a habit In Japan, the first day of almost every month is set as a public welfare anniversary, and the most interesting one is September 1, the disaster prevention day. On this day, disaster prevention training should be organized in various places. Large and small fire units may set up tents in the squares of shopping malls or in the open spaces of parks, with equipment to simulate fire and earthquake scenes inside, and a row of fire extinguishers outside. Firefighters lead citizens to experience the scene when disaster strikes. Sometimes agile firefighters are seen climbing to the top of a thin long pole and performing various difficult maneuvers. Office workers and students have a day off. Parents will take their children to drill the "smoke corridor" that simulates a fire, feel the violent shaking of the "magnitude 8 earthquake", or queue up to learn to climb the ladder. Disaster prevention training exercises are as fresh and interesting as visiting an amusement park. On this day, the central and local governments will seriously check and operate the disaster early warning system according to regulations, and government officials will even appear on TV wearing hard hats to give some "emergency instructions". As a foreigner, I just found it interesting at first, and then I felt the deep meaning of it. On September 1, 1923, the Great Kanto Earthquake occurred in Japan, killing and missing more than 140,000 people. It was the worst earthquake in Japan in modern times. Many people died of secondary injuries such as fires caused by the earthquake. Disaster Prevention Day was established in May 1982 to commemorate this natural disaster. The most direct sequelae of natural disasters to people are lasting and huge pain. The theme of people's commemoration in the early post-disaster period is mainly mourning. By 1982, few Japanese had personally experienced the Great Kanto Earthquake. At this time, the theme of commemoration turned to learning lessons, preparing early, and facing calmly. Since the 1990s, disaster prevention and mitigation in post-disaster reconstruction has gradually become the most urgent topic. When the author interviewed the 10th anniversary of the Kobe Earthquake in 2005, the organizer introduced the disaster prevention and mitigation achievements made by the government and all walks of life in the past 10 years: a solid "common ditch" was built underground, and lifeline equipment such as water, electricity and gas was installed; It has successively formulated or revised 10 laws to guide earthquake prevention work across the country in terms of building standards, disaster warnings, etc.; promote the "disaster prevention GIS" map information management software in all local governments; The ability of the head to operate and activate the disaster prevention system in person; help enterprises to prepare emergency financial or production materials in various ways, and restore production after disasters... Work together from urban construction, administration, economy and other aspects to build an "earthquake-resistant" society to resist the risk of earthquakes. Earthquakes are unstoppable, but experience at the cost of life can help people cope with disasters more effectively. Disaster Prevention Day not only cultivates the skills to deal with natural disasters, but also enhances people's awareness of disaster prevention. Let disaster prevention become a habit, which is also a memorial to the victims. (Cao Pengcheng)