Review of Hong Kong Films from 5.19 to 5.26: Unity is busy in disaster relief Sina Entertainment News The work of saving people from the ruins of the Sichuan earthquake is basically over, but the long-term work of post-earthquake reconstruction has just kicked off, and many artists have continued to devote themselves to it. In the disaster relief and reconstruction work, he encouraged people in the earthquake disaster. Filmmakers: 1. The "512 Caring Action for Performing Arts" was held on June 1. A few days after the Sichuan earthquake, the Hong Kong Performing Artists Association announced that it would hold the "May 12 Caring Action for Performing Arts in Cross-Strait and Three Regions" performance. The show raised funds for disaster relief. Recently, Andy Lau (Ting Ge) also convened about 200 cross-strait artists to attend a press conference, announcing that the show will be held in West Kowloon Zhongtiandi on June 1. The event time will be from 2:30 p.m. to 10:00 p.m., with a marathon performance by many guests from the entertainment industry. On the evening of May 30, Sichuan TV and Phoenix TV also held a "condolence party". 2. Hong Kong filmmakers start shooting new films for disaster relief On May 20, representatives of the relevant filmmakers' associations gathered at the venue of the Hong Kong Directors Association to hold a meeting to organize disaster relief activities. People attended the meeting, and it was decided that Liu Weiqiang would be responsible for preparing and filming a disaster relief movie, but Liu Weiqiang said that the specific details could not be made public for the time being. In addition, it is also reported that Stephen Chow () is already shooting a short film for disaster relief. But on May 23, Stephen Chow denied the news. He said, "In the face of disasters, I also thought about whether I could make a movie with this theme, but I am just thinking about it, and I don't know what role should be used." Mr. Wei, an employee of his company, also said, "At present, disaster relief is urgent. The most important thing is to raise more funds. It takes time to make a movie. At this stage, we should contact charities to donate to disaster relief." 3. Li Lianjie (blog) temporarily stopped for disaster relief. Shortly after the Sichuan earthquake, Jet Li, who experienced the tsunami in Southeast Asia, has also arrived in Chengdu for disaster relief work after establishing the "One Foundation" to help those in need. Busy, and established the "One Foundation Disaster Relief Temporary Headquarters" in Chengdu. In order to focus on the relief work and enable the victims to rebuild their homes, Jet Li also decided to temporarily suspend filming this year. 4. The Film Archive will hold the "Local Care" film festival from the end of June to mid-July, and the Hong Kong Central Library will hold a literary festival of "Books and Hong Kong Love", while the Hong Kong Film Archive will hold a "Local Care" title before that The series of film festivals attempted to "arouse the public's interest in understanding Hong Kong's local culture and social changes". The films it has shown are from the 1950s to this year, including "Xi Luxiang" (1950 version, starring Bruce Lee), "Xi Luxiang" (1999 version), "Cage People", "The Queen of Temple Street", "The Queen of Temple Street", "Father and Son Love", "Half of the People", "Days and Nights in Tin Shui Wai", etc., and also screened several TV films, such as "Years, Rivers and Mountains, Country Songs", "Hong Kong, Hong Kong, People", "Hong Kong, Hong Kong, Rivers and Lakes Goodbye" and so on. In addition, the Film Archive also held three symposiums in conjunction with the thematic film festival, namely "Local Care · Hong Kong People", "Local Care · Hong Kong Land", and "Hong Kong Care · Hong Kong Food and Clothing". Sina Entertainment News The work of saving people from the ruins of the Sichuan earthquake is basically over, but the long-term post-earthquake reconstruction work has just kicked off. Many artists continue to devote themselves to disaster relief and reconstruction work to help the earthquake victims. people cheered. Filmmakers: 1. The "512 Caring Action for Performing Arts" was held on June 1. A few days after the Sichuan earthquake, the Hong Kong Performing Artists Association announced that it would hold the "May 12 Caring Action for Performing Arts in Cross-Strait and Three Regions" performance. The show raised funds for disaster relief. Recently, Andy Lau (Ting Ge) also convened about 200 cross-strait artists to attend a press conference, announcing that the show will be held in West Kowloon Zhongtiandi on June 1. The event time will be from 2:30 p.m. to 10:00 p.m., with a marathon performance by many guests from the entertainment industry. On the evening of May 30, Sichuan TV and Phoenix TV also held a "condolence party". 2. Hong Kong filmmakers start shooting new films for disaster relief On May 20, representatives of the relevant filmmakers' associations gathered at the venue of the Hong Kong Directors Association to hold a meeting to organize disaster relief activities. People attended the meeting, and it was decided that Liu Weiqiang would be responsible for preparing and filming a disaster relief movie, but Liu Weiqiang said that the specific details could not be made public for the time being. In addition, it is also reported that Stephen Chow () is already shooting a short film for disaster relief. But on May 23, Stephen Chow denied the news. He said, "In the face of disasters, I also thought about whether I could make a movie with this theme, but I am just thinking about it, and I don't know what role should be used." Mr. Wei, an employee of his company, also said, "At present, disaster relief is urgent. The most important thing is to raise more funds. It takes time to make a movie. At this stage, we should contact charities to donate to disaster relief." 3. Li Lianjie (blog) temporarily stopped for disaster relief. Shortly after the Sichuan earthquake, Jet Li, who experienced the tsunami in Southeast Asia, has also arrived in Chengdu for disaster relief work after establishing the "One Foundation" to help those in need. Busy, and established the "One Foundation Disaster Relief Temporary Headquarters" in Chengdu. In order to focus on the relief work and enable the victims to rebuild their homes, Jet Li also decided to temporarily suspend filming this year. 4. The Film Archive will hold the "Local Care" film festival from the end of June to mid-July, and the Hong Kong Central Library will hold a literary festival of "Books and Hong Kong Love", while the Hong Kong Film Archive will hold a "Local Care" title before that The series of film festivals attempted to "arouse the public's interest in understanding Hong Kong's local culture and social changes". The films it has shown are from the 1950s to this year, including "Xi Luxiang" (1950 version, starring Bruce Lee), "Xi Luxiang" (1999 version), "Cage People", "The Queen of Temple Street", "The Queen of Temple Street", "Father and Son Love", "Half of the People", "Days and Nights in Tin Shui Wai", etc., and also screened several TV films, such as "Years, Rivers and Mountains, Country Songs", "Hong Kong, Hong Kong, People", "Hong Kong, Hong Kong, Rivers and Lakes Goodbye" and so on. In addition, the Film Archive also held three symposiums in conjunction with the thematic film festival, namely "Local Care · Hong Kong People", "Local Care · Hong Kong Land", and "Hong Kong Care · Hong Kong Food and Clothing".