The 2009 Charity Event Spreads the Seeds of Healthy Life in the West "Give a man a fish" is worse than "Teach a man to fish!" Coastal·Western School Mental Health Seed Fund Program launched by Coastal in 2009 is a key project of the China Women and Children's Foundation , with Fan Fumin, deputy director of the Department of Psychology of Tsinghua University and a doctoral tutor, as the project leader, and jointly planned and implemented by the Department of Psychology of Tsinghua University and Beijing Newhams Psychological Institution. Through teacher training, the mental health education in western primary and secondary schools will be improved. Teaching ability, so as to fundamentally improve the mental health development of western primary and middle school students. The program was launched in June 2009. Currently, it plans to complete the first and second phases, compile and complete the "School Class Group Guidance Manual" and complete the first phase of training for seed female teachers. In 2010, we will continue to track the progress of the third and fourth phases of the plan. "Children are the flowers of the motherland!", "Children are the future of the motherland!" Flowers are beautiful and the future is bright. However, as society continues to transform, our flowers are often confronted with problems that often lead to mental health crises beyond their age and experience. The psychological quality of adolescents and their ability to cope with pressure have gradually become a social problem. Mental health is as important as physical health! Even more important! After the Wenchuan Earthquake in 2008, psychological intervention projects appeared for the first time in disaster relief operations from all walks of life. However, the lack of mental health is not only reflected in a short period of time after the earthquake, nor is it only reflected in the earthquake-stricken areas. An unavoidable fact is that among adolescents and children, junior high school students are a relatively special group. Most of them are between the ages of 12-16, and they begin to enter the second peak of their growth—adolescence. This period is an important stage of individual psychological growth, and it is also a critical period of transition from children to adults—starting to get rid of children’s thinking and behavior habits, physiological and psychological development tends to mature, personality development tends to be stereotyped, and the outlook on life and the world begins to form and gradually established. Physical and mental health during this period is the foundation of an individual's lifelong health. If there are psychological problems during this period, without timely and correct guidance and help, it will have adverse effects on individuals, families, and society. The "Several Opinions of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China on Further Strengthening and Improving Moral Education in Schools" pointed out that "mental health education and guidance should be provided to students of different ages through various methods, so as to help students improve their psychological quality, improve their personality, and enhance their ability to bear, the ability to adapt to the environment”. Professor Fan Fumin, deputy director of the Department of Psychology of Tsinghua University and a doctoral supervisor who has been engaged in the psychological education of adolescents and children for a long time, told us that after ten years of hard work, primary and secondary schools in first-tier cities in China, such as Beijing, have basically reached the level of equipment for each grade. The level of 1-2 psychological counselors is less than 1/10 of that of developed countries in Europe and America. In second-tier cities and many areas in the west, this ratio is still far from reaching. The key to improving the psychological quality and ability of primary and middle school students in western China and developing their mental health in an all-round way is the improvement of teachers' mental health education ability. For a long time, there has been a shortage of mental health education teachers in western schools, insufficient mental health education and training, and difficulties in carrying out mental health education. "Teach a man to fish" is not as good as "teach a man to fish!" The Coastal·Western School Mental Health Seed Fund Program launched by Coastal in 2009 aims to improve the mental health education and teaching ability of western primary and secondary schools through teacher training. So as to fundamentally improve the mental health development of western middle and primary school students. The program is jointly planned and implemented by the Department of Psychology of Tsinghua University and Beijing Newhams Psychological Institution. The deputy director of the Department of Psychology of Tsinghua University, a doctoral tutor, and Professor Fan Fumin, who has many years of experience in group psychological education, is the executive director. The first stage of the Coastal Seed Program is to develop a set of school class group counseling programs suitable for the healthy growth and development of Chinese teenagers through the research and development of the Department of Psychology of Tsinghua University. tools and methods. The second phase of the plan is to train 100 seed teachers of mental health education in two batches of primary and secondary schools in the earthquake-stricken areas of Xinjiang and Sichuan, to improve their mental health education and teaching capabilities, and to allow schools and teachers in the west to implement mental health education with manuals and training, benefiting Western youth, to promote the all-round development of the mind, emotion, society and personality of primary and secondary school students. From July 8th to 9th, 2009, more than 60 female teachers from primary and secondary schools in Sichuan participated in the training of mental health education with the support of the "Coastal·Western School Mental Health Seed Fund". Professor Fan Fumin from the Department of Psychology, Tsinghua University, as the main lecturer, brought a variety of psychological activities to the students, so that the teachers not only learned the knowledge of mental health, improved their own abilities, but also learned how to practice in their own class management. These activities promote the healthy growth of children. A teacher who participated in the training said: "I used to say that caring for students is always one-to-one, but now I feel that the power of the group is really great, so great that I can't imagine it. I think this group counseling is like a magnetic field, attracting me, and we believe that I can also attract those children through the promotion of activities." After the Sichuan earthquake, the psychological reconstruction work has a long way to go. Many female teachers who participated in the training came from hard-hit areas such as Beichuan, Wenchuan and Dujiangyan, and their families were affected by the earthquake. After participating in the activity, many female teachers believed that their mental health had improved a lot, and they could better devote themselves to teaching. Like the "seeds", they will serve as the main force for post-disaster mental health education in their schools, helping these children affected by the earthquake in class activities and classroom teaching. Class group counseling can more effectively build the mental health of primary and secondary school students! The core of the Coastal Seed Program is the team led by Professor Fan Fumin as the core. Through project practice, a set of "School Class Group Counseling Program" and corresponding teaching materials and tools have been developed. Class group counseling is a kind of group psychological counseling. It takes the class as a unit and takes the whole class as the object. It uses the strategies and methods of group counseling and group interaction to help students re-evaluate their thoughts, emotions and behaviors, and adjust their cognition. Educational activities that enhance the ability to use to prevent or solve problems in students' growth and stimulate students' previous abilities. Coastal·Western School Mental Health Seed Fund Project Implementation Task 1. Conduct preliminary research and preparation for the development of the class group counseling program for mental health education in primary and secondary schools. Through literature collection, theoretical preparation, and current situation investigation, we understand the current situation and existing problems of mental health education in primary and secondary schools in my country, especially in the western region, and provide reference for the design of group counseling for young people's growth. 2. Design a class counseling plan to improve the mental health and development of teenagers, and compile the "Group Counseling Manual for Primary and Secondary Schools". The contents of the manual are aimed at the laws and characteristics of the psychological development of primary and secondary school students, including self-awareness, self-confidence building, interpersonal communication skills, and teamwork skills. , emotional management ability, enhanced learning motivation, career planning ability, parent-child communication, etc. 3. Two batches of training seed teachers (psychological counselors in primary and secondary schools, experienced class teachers) in the earthquake disaster areas in Xinjiang and Sichuan have the ability to engage in class counseling. The content includes the establishment of educational concepts based on student development, the theoretical methods of mental health education, class management and class management, and the types and manifestations of common primary and secondary school students' psychological problems. 4. Teach the class teacher and psychological counselor the implementation skills of the "Class Group Counseling Manual", instruct the class teacher and psychological counselor how to design and implement the class counseling plan, and provide professional guidance and support during the implementation process. 5. Evaluate the actual effect of the training implementation, and prepare for the promotion and popularization of class group counseling that is conducive to the healthy growth of young people in the western region year by year. The first stage of the implementation process of the Mental Health Seed Fund Project in Coastal and Western Schools: From June to August 2009, the literature and materials were collected, the current situation was investigated, the program was designed, and the youth class group counseling manual was prepared. The second stage: from September to December 2009, the In Xinjiang and Sichuan disaster areas, the seed teachers were trained on the ability to implement the class counseling plan, and they mastered the application of the "Class Group Counseling Manual" (3 days and 24 hours of training per session) The third stage: from January to April 2010, the teachers who were required to receive training were in their places The school implements class counseling, and experts from the Department of Psychology of Tsinghua University guide and supervise them. The fifth stage: In May 2010, the effect evaluation of the current situation of class group tutoring for seed teachers will be carried out to prepare for the expansion of training coverage. I would like to comment that "teach a man to fish" is not as good as "teach a man to fish!" Coastal·Western School Mental Health Seed Fund Program launched by Coastal in 2009, as a key project of the China Women and Children's Foundation Director and doctoral tutor Fan Fumin is in charge of the project, which is jointly planned and implemented by the Department of Psychology of Tsinghua University and Beijing Newhams Psychological Institution. Through teacher training, the mental health education and teaching ability of primary and secondary schools in western China will be improved fundamentally. Mental health development of middle and primary school students in western China. The program was launched in June 2009. Currently, it plans to complete the first and second phases, compile and complete the "School Class Group Guidance Manual" and complete the first phase of training for seed female teachers. In 2010, we will continue to track the progress of the third and fourth phases of the plan. "Children are the flowers of the motherland!", "Children are the future of the motherland!" Flowers are beautiful and the future is bright. However, as society continues to transform, our flowers are often confronted with problems that often lead to mental health crises beyond their age and experience. The psychological quality of adolescents and their ability to cope with pressure have gradually become a social problem. Mental health is as important as physical health! Even more important! After the Wenchuan Earthquake in 2008, psychological intervention projects appeared for the first time in disaster relief operations from all walks of life. However, the lack of mental health is not only reflected in a short period of time after the earthquake, nor is it only reflected in the earthquake-stricken areas. An unavoidable fact is that among adolescents and children, junior high school students are a relatively special group. Most of them are between the ages of 12-16, and they begin to enter the second peak of their growth—adolescence. This period is an important stage of individual psychological growth, and it is also a critical period of transition from children to adults—starting to get rid of children’s thinking and behavior habits, physiological and psychological development tends to mature, personality development tends to be stereotyped, and the outlook on life and the world begins to form and gradually established. Physical and mental health during this period is the foundation of an individual's lifelong health. If there are psychological problems during this period, without timely and correct guidance and help, it will have adverse effects on individuals, families, and society. The "Several Opinions of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China on Further Strengthening and Improving Moral Education in Schools" pointed out that "mental health education and guidance should be provided to students of different ages through various methods, so as to help students improve their psychological quality, improve their personality, and enhance their ability to bear, the ability to adapt to the environment”. Professor Fan Fumin, deputy director of the Department of Psychology of Tsinghua University and a doctoral supervisor who has been engaged in the psychological education of adolescents and children for a long time, told us that after ten years of hard work, primary and secondary schools in first-tier cities in China, such as Beijing, have basically reached the level of equipment for each grade. The level of 1-2 psychological counselors is less than 1/10 of that of developed countries in Europe and America. In second-tier cities and many areas in the west, this ratio is still far from reaching. The key to improving the psychological quality and ability of primary and middle school students in western China and developing their mental health in an all-round way is the improvement of teachers' mental health education ability. For a long time, there has been a shortage of mental health education teachers in western schools, insufficient mental health education and training, and difficulties in carrying out mental health education. "Teach a man to fish" is not as good as "teach a man to fish!" The Coastal·Western School Mental Health Seed Fund Program launched by Coastal in 2009 aims to improve the mental health education and teaching ability of western primary and secondary schools through teacher training. So as to fundamentally improve the mental health development of western middle and primary school students. The program is jointly planned and implemented by the Department of Psychology of Tsinghua University and Beijing Newhams Psychological Institution. The deputy director of the Department of Psychology of Tsinghua University, a doctoral tutor, and Professor Fan Fumin, who has many years of experience in group psychological education, is the executive director. The first stage of the Coastal Seed Program is to develop a set of school class group counseling programs suitable for the healthy growth and development of Chinese teenagers through the research and development of the Department of Psychology of Tsinghua University. tools and methods. The second phase of the plan is to train 100 seed teachers of mental health education in two batches of primary and secondary schools in the earthquake-stricken areas of Xinjiang and Sichuan, to improve their mental health education and teaching capabilities, and to allow schools and teachers in the west to implement mental health education with manuals and training, benefiting Western youth, to promote the all-round development of the mind, emotion, society and personality of primary and secondary school students. From July 8th to 9th, 2009, more than 60 female teachers from primary and secondary schools in Sichuan participated in the training of mental health education with the support of the "Coastal·Western School Mental Health Seed Fund". Professor Fan Fumin from the Department of Psychology, Tsinghua University, as the main lecturer, brought a variety of psychological activities to the students, so that the teachers not only learned the knowledge of mental health, improved their own abilities, but also learned how to practice in their own class management. These activities promote the healthy growth of children. A teacher who participated in the training said: "I used to say that caring for students is always one-to-one, but now I feel that the power of the group is really great, so great that I can't imagine it. I think this group counseling is like a magnetic field, attracting me, and we believe that I can also attract those children through the promotion of activities." After the Sichuan earthquake, the psychological reconstruction work has a long way to go. Many female teachers who participated in the training came from hard-hit areas such as Beichuan, Wenchuan and Dujiangyan, and their families were affected by the earthquake. After participating in the activity, many female teachers believed that their mental health had improved a lot, and they could better devote themselves to teaching. Like the "seeds", they will serve as the main force for post-disaster mental health education in their schools, helping these children affected by the earthquake in class activities and classroom teaching. Class group counseling can more effectively build the mental health of primary and secondary school students! The core of the Coastal Seed Program is the team led by Professor Fan Fumin as the core. Through project practice, a set of "School Class Group Counseling Program" and corresponding teaching materials and tools have been developed. Class group counseling is a kind of group psychological counseling. It takes the class as a unit and takes the whole class as the object. It uses the strategies and methods of group counseling and group interaction to help students re-evaluate their thoughts, emotions and behaviors, and adjust their cognition. Educational activities that enhance the ability to use to prevent or solve problems in students' growth and stimulate students' previous abilities. Coastal·Western School Mental Health Seed Fund Project Implementation Task 1. Conduct preliminary research and preparation for the development of the class group counseling program for mental health education in primary and secondary schools. Through literature collection, theoretical preparation, and current situation investigation, we understand the current situation and existing problems of mental health education in primary and secondary schools in my country, especially in the western region, and provide reference for the design of group counseling for young people's growth. 2. Design a class counseling plan to improve the mental health and development of teenagers, and compile the "Group Counseling Manual for Primary and Secondary Schools". The contents of the manual are aimed at the laws and characteristics of the psychological development of primary and secondary school students, including self-awareness, self-confidence building, interpersonal communication skills, and teamwork skills. , emotional management ability, enhanced learning motivation, career planning ability, parent-child communication, etc. 3. Two batches of training seed teachers (psychological counselors in primary and secondary schools, experienced class teachers) in the earthquake disaster areas in Xinjiang and Sichuan have the ability to engage in class counseling. The content includes the establishment of educational concepts based on student development, the theoretical methods of mental health education, class management and class management, and the types and manifestations of common primary and secondary school students' psychological problems. 4. Teach the class teacher and psychological counselor the implementation skills of the "Class Group Counseling Manual", instruct the class teacher and psychological counselor how to design and implement the class counseling plan, and provide professional guidance and support during the implementation process. 5. Evaluate the actual effect of the training implementation, and prepare for the promotion and popularization of class group counseling that is conducive to the healthy growth of young people in the western region year by year. The first stage of the implementation process of the Mental Health Seed Fund Project in Coastal and Western Schools: From June to August 2009, the literature and materials were collected, the current situation was investigated, the program was designed, and the youth class group counseling manual was prepared. The second stage: from September to December 2009, the In Xinjiang and Sichuan disaster areas, the seed teachers were trained on the ability to implement the class counseling plan, and they mastered the application of the "Class Group Counseling Manual" (3 days and 24 hours of training per session) The third stage: from January to April 2010, the teachers who were required to receive training were in their places The school implements class counseling, and experts from the Department of Psychology of Tsinghua University guide and supervise them. The fifth stage: In May 2010, the effect evaluation of the current situation of class group tutoring for seed teachers will be carried out to prepare for the expansion of training coverage. i want to comment