Leju and R&F Bay Habitat Fengshui Salon II: Habitat and Harmony Salon II: People, Habitat and Harmony Time: 15:30-16:30, August 29, 2009 Guest: Executive Director of Beijing Yipu Traditional Culture Development Center , Vice President of China Huaxia Yijing Research Association, Vice President of Chinese Name Culture Research Association, Secretary General of World Zen Tao Culture Academic Exchange Association, President of International Yixue Culture Research Institute, President of International Yixue Culture Research Association Yipu Dong Yiri She Da, general manager of Sheng International Designer Huang Shanshan Xinshi Space Decoration Art Co., Ltd., is the host of the salon record: The theme of our second salon is human settlements and harmony. We have all seen the movie "If You Are the One" directed by Feng Xiaogang before. It is also said that the theme of the 21st century is harmony. The theme of our second salon is also Habitat and Harmony. First of all, I would like to introduce the guests: Executive Director of Beijing Yipu Traditional Culture Development Center, Vice President of China Huaxia Yijing Research Association, Vice President of Chinese Name Culture Research Association , Secretary-General of the World Zen Tao Culture Academic Exchange Association, President of the International Yixue Culture Research Institute, and President of the International Yixue Culture Research Association, Huang Shanshan, the international designer of Pudong Yirisheng, the general manager of Xinshi Space (Beijing) Decorative Art Company She Dawe Designer Huang came here today and also wanted to communicate with us. Many owners of R&F Bay came to the scene, and asked Designer Huang to give us a brief chat about feng shui, apartment type and home. The picture shows Huang Shanshan, a designer of Dongyi Risheng International, giving a lecture on home improvement experience. Huang Shanshan: Good afternoon, everyone! One of the topics I want to talk to you about is the concept of complete home furnishing. The host assigned me a task just now. I just listened to the communication with you from several experts. I would like to emphasize one point. After the client buys the house, the links involved are In the next step of decoration and design, the concept of the complete home I mentioned actually emphasizes the following points. If we make a villa space, it involves gardens. If we ask a garden designer to make a plan, he may focus on gardening, landscape and other aspects. , If there is a complete concept, it should be the overall design of the garden and the interior, such as the relationship between the landscape and the indoor space, so that the indoor and outdoor spaces can be connected. The first is the relationship between the indoor and outdoor gardens, which is the future One thing to keep in mind when designing a home. In addition, for architectural space, several teachers just talked about how to plan the interior from the perspective of architectural space. The first is space, and the second is further decoration and beauty. From the perspective of space, villa space and previous apartment types The biggest difference in space is that the villa space is malleable. Whether it is a single-family house or a townhouse, the space can have some expansion and extension. The developer does not want us to renovate, but there is still some room for it, such as terrace and basement. , this is a lot of room for the communication space of the owners we contact to reshape, so we will have more play in the architectural space. In addition, regarding equipment and equipment, it involves a design of physical induction. For example, we consider the design of ground source heat pump, air conditioning, heating, and light environment. These are the comfort of the physical environment. These may be overlooked, but now everyone pays more attention to the comfort of living, which is a reflection of the quality of life. It is not about how much money is spent on decoration. This equipment investment is also a relatively large investment project for our customers. This is also a detailed communication with the designer, specific needs, and the requirements for the comfort of the environment. It is also the soft decoration mentioned in the morning. For this complete home, it also requires detailed communication between the interior designer and the owner and the soft designer, because there are indeed many connections between our soft decoration and hard decoration. If the style of the hardwear is not considered in the early stage, the visual update and the color, if it is completely separated, there is also a supplement for ventilation, whether it is the movement and integrity of the space, it will be more perfect, just emphasized. It is still the concept of complete home furnishing. As home improvement designers or interior designers, we will communicate more smoothly with several professional aspects, garden, structure, soft decoration, including Feng Shui. I talked with Feng Shui masters, from Feng Shui Considering that sometimes there will be conflicts with the home. If we arrange the space from the perspective of the home, it may not meet the requirements of the space. Today, I met a lot of friends, and I also remind everyone that in the later decoration, and when making real interior design plans, Take several different areas into consideration. The entry point for us to get the house and the model room is different. The layout design of the model room is considered from the perspective of commonality. We put more emphasis on humanization and personalization from the family design. I remind everyone that personalization is not unconventional, but The follower line is more in line with your own needs, more convenient in terms of lifestyle, functionally satisfying, and then in-depth in terms of some of your own aesthetic tendencies and personality expressions. The movie "born for love" is like this house was built for you, this home is created for you, there are many details, I hope everyone can have a better life in the environment created by themselves and the designer, just Like Feng Shui, Ding Cai is prosperous. Moderator: Thank you, Miss Huang, because the time is too short to come together one by one. If you want to know more in detail, you can communicate with designer Huang in private. In the last game, we provided free viewing of apartment types. Now we will select three Free to see the number of units. The picture shows the on-site lottery (lottery) Moderator: After listening to Miss Huang's introduction, let's go to Mr. She. Just now Mr. She said to design two topics for himself. Today, I am a non-professional person here, and there is no way to know them. The topic he was talking about, he told me just now, the first session was about how to buy the decoration of the room, and the second session was about how to display it. Each home decoration has its own style. Fortunately, it has a great influence on the effect. In the second session, please talk about how to display, including how to design your own style, please! She Da: First of all, I am very happy to talk with the owners of R&F Bay on the topic of furnishings. We know that many customers are confused when they decorate their homes and beautify their homes after buying a house. I think the owners of the property in R&F Bay will have a lot of experience in buying a property and a lot of decoration. I also have a lot of experience in arranging my own home. In the process of arranging my own home, will there be such confusion? I now invite a very good hard decoration designer to carry out the decoration design according to my favorite style. After a period of construction, all the pre-installation work has been completed. The next step is to live in, buy furniture, buy lights, and corresponding decorations. Many people say that I want to buy furniture. Waicheng, when I go here, I will look at different styles and see if they meet my own needs. If I see a style that meets my needs, I will settle on it. The next step is to go to the gallery to select paintings, then go to Shilihe to buy lamps, and go to Muxiyuan to buy curtains. After moving in, most of the owners will basically go through step by step, but many people have problems, I see them in the store Put beautiful furniture, move it home, hang the curtains, hang the paintings, and find the twist after the accessories are put on. why? Many people feel that furniture is sometimes like a movie, and it is a regrettable art. I don’t know where it is. I saw that this painting is very beautiful, and this furniture is also very beautiful. It really matches the style I want. The combination of all movable objects is the furnishings. The combination of movable objects in a certain space achieves the effect of a perfect space. This is called furnishings. In the process of furnishing, for example, we choose a renovated house. First of all, we You need to know what furnishings are. What everyone sees now is actually the composition of different objects. This is not called furnishings. Why? The furnishings are more of an overall harmonious space, so some people think that it is like some decorative arts made by 798, and some paintings hang there as furnishings, and that is not called furnishings. The picture shows the audience listening attentively to the master's explanation. Many people think that accessories, soft clothing, and furnishings are the same concept. After the accessories or basic furniture arrives, the artistic arrangement of basic decorations is carried out; The soft-wrapped walls and some paintings on the facade provide an atmosphere called soft decoration; the furnishings are actually the entire space from the top to the facade. Let's look at a living room in R&F Bay, which has ceiling lamps and hanging lamps, including some murals. , The facade has wallpaper, facade decoration, wall painting, plane has furniture, some functional ornaments, vases, floor lamps, the whole atmosphere has lights, etc. This is the concept of overall display. The focus of the display is deep? The combination of different products and different decorations can meet the different personalized needs of each person, and the artistic atmosphere in the whole house can be enhanced through the embellishment of artworks. The furnishings are mainly related to the relationship between the three, one is the relationship of space, the other is the relationship of color. Relationship, one is the relationship of shape, from the perspective of space relationship, everyone should grasp the scale of the space and satisfy the visual experience through different ventilation effects. Some people like larger furniture and think it is very luxurious, but this should be considered. The color of the furniture should not be too heavy. You can see that this is also a space with four white floors. Through the paintings of these colors, the wall has a good visual sense, so as to achieve a visual atmosphere. This is the decoration of the entire facade that I talked about. Different materials are formed together to reflect the feeling, such as the metropolitan style. You can imagine, what are the elements of the luxurious metropolitan style? Stainless steel, mirror surface, fur, leather, including some stainless steel furniture, lacquered furniture, these are grouped into one element, which is the unity of style, and they are built together to form a harmonious cosmopolitan style. Including the decoration of the façade in the later stage of the soft decoration, it can also improve the deficiencies in the functional layout. For example, the space is relatively narrow, and the mirror decoration on the ground can be used to enlarge the space. When using the mirror, the interaction of light and the effect of light should be considered. The creation of atmosphere. As you can see, the style embodied in this picture actually runs through every detail, and the materials and look and feel are matched. There is also color. Color is actually a very important point that constitutes the style of the entire room (forum photo album apartment type sample room map search). It is actually three steps to make furnishings. The first step is color. After you set your color, Look, all the accessories you buy should not leave this color distribution ratio. For example, I choose white, black, and yellow. White and black are the basic colors, and yellow is the decorative color. The color ratio is matched to make the colors more harmonious. Do not escape from the distribution ratio of the theme color you just set for any of your products, which is also yellow. As you can see in this picture, it is because the curtains and window lights are of the same color, so it feels very clean. If we make the new Chinese style, we must consider whether your accessories, furniture, curtains, including the graphics on the fabric conform to the elements of the new Chinese style. When choosing this element, we must consider the state. In fact, every link is very important. The other is the later stage, after the completion of the hard decoration, how to use the soft decoration to create different functional spaces in the later stage, so that there is no obstruction to your vision, and it makes people feel that each space is relatively independent and private. The picture shows the audience standing on the wall. Each space has a main, themed wall, which is also the most eye-catching and the place where the visual stays the longest. Many designers will reflect the owner's personality through the theme wall. We all know that the treatment of this theme wall is symmetrical Method, this is a small corridor outside the bathroom that can be illuminated. Through the setting of Buddhist niches, the visual store on the entire wall is fully opened. In fact, there are many ways to decorate the wall, and everyone is generally a combination of the same elements. Many people talk about style. In fact, what everyone likes the most is the style they want, but when making styles, some people talk about mixing and matching. There is a principle for mixing and matching. A small difference, 30% and 70% of the colors are established according to the established style. If the proportion is exceeded, the proportion of the entire room will be out of balance, which will make people feel very chaotic. Some peculiarly shaped functional mirrors are placed there, which not only satisfy the function, but also the effect of light entering, as well as asymmetrical decoration, this chair completely deviates from the principle of size, but placed here, through the light Reflections become decorations. Light is actually the three points I mentioned. The first point is color, the third point is shape, and the third point is atmosphere. There are several points to create atmosphere. First, you should integrate your personal preferences and taste into art. Among them, the other is that the visual experience of different angles can be created through light. There are three types of light, one is for creating light, one is for natural light, and the other is for reference light, which can meet the refraction of natural light and the refraction of artificial light to create a personalized atmosphere. In terms of color, different components must have different elements. In this picture, the decoration of the facade is matched with the theme sofa. This picture tells us the unity of form. The sofa and coffee table, including the composition of lines, all elements All are straight lines, through which the modern style is reflected. This is the color matching. Basically, the points I communicate with you are that when you display, you should pay attention to the first color and the second form, that is, you need to run your style into every detail of the soft decoration, which includes Your external form and the internal form expressed by the internal pattern, after matching the color and shape, must improve your quality through atmosphere creation. One of our principles and methods when we do the overall soft clothing is this. If there is a If you have any questions, please share with us below, thank you! i want to comment