2009 Top 30 High-end Property Awards Appeared After more than 10 years of development in China's real estate market, the types and construction art of high-end property products are becoming more and more mature, and they have risen to a new stage in terms of product construction, marketing concepts, and market demand. The market's views on high-end property products are also relatively rational, representing higher living quality and status symbol, and have a certain mass base and market foundation. However, the real estate market often describes the classification and appearance of high-end property products. Even if there are evaluation indicators occasionally, it is often a marketing method combined with project promotion. There is not a complete set of indicators and standard libraries for evaluating high-end properties. Know and evaluate the method system of such high-end products. Sina Leju held a series of expert seminars in the second half of 2009 with the theme of "Research on China's High-end Property Comprehensive Evaluation Index System" in order to further understand the development track of China's high-end property products and jointly build a comprehensive evaluation index standard library for China's high-end property products. In conjunction with the government, universities, real estate research institutions, authoritative experts in architectural design, and representatives of real estate companies and media, from the perspective of human settlements and design, the comprehensive system of China's high-end property products has been discussed and sorted out in a very forward-looking manner. The final comprehensive evaluation index standard index library includes 4 major first-level indexes, 22 second-level indexes, and 40 qualitative and quantitative indexes. The four dimensional indicators of high-end property products have become the key factors of products, which are of great significance for product evaluation and property selection. They are the exclusivity index of location resources, the index of planning and design, the index of quality connotation of life, and the index of market recognition. As one of the important components of the 2010 Leju Innovation Summit, the selection of "Commercial Property Awards" has been carefully prepared and has now officially kicked off. In the end, there will be 5 real estate projects in Beijing that violate the "High-end Property Awards". The selection date will be from December 30, 2009 to January 10, 2010, and the selection will be announced on January 12! Time: 14:00-16:00, December 18, 2009 Venue: Guest chat room on the 20th floor of Sina Leju Guest: Ma? Beijing Longfor Real Estate Co., Ltd. Marketing Manager Zou Moyuan, Marketing Director, Taihe Hongyu, Marketing Director The host of the press conference: experts, netizens, audience friends, good afternoon! I'm Guo Shuang, Senior Editor of Sina Leju. Thank you very much for your attention to the launch of the Sina Leju Mansion Channel. First of all, please allow me to introduce the guests present at today's event. They are Zhou Moyuan, Marketing Director of Beijing Longfor Real Estate Co., Ltd.; Ma?, Marketing Manager of China Resources Land; Zhang Bo, Media Manager of Qingfeng; Li Zongnuo, and Yang Xi, our editor-in-chief of Sina Leju, welcome everyone to come! After Sina Leju was listed on NASDAQ, what was the original intention and significance of Sina Leju Luxury Channel? Below is a speech by Yang Xi, editor-in-chief of Sina Leju! The picture shows Sina Leju editor-in-chief Yang Xi Yang Xi: Hello everyone! In fact, for the friends present, they may not particularly want to label their projects as luxury housing projects, or they do not like to use this term. Friends often tell me not to call them luxury residences, because there are many disputes in the current market. . But in fact, the mansion is a relatively clear one, which can give netizens a clear direction. In our definition, our luxury channel mainly provides villa-related information and high-end property information products. After the housing price in 2008, our luxury channel in 2009 will become a mainstream in the market in the future. When the cost of each piece of land sold today exceeds 20,000 yuan, most projects in the future will surely become luxury residential projects. It is possible that our Sina Leju Channel may also become a luxury channel in the future. In addition, I would like to introduce to you the advantages of Sina's mansion channel. First, we are a channel under Sina.com. Sina's readership is known as the top three, that is, high quality, high education, and high income. With the support of such a mainstream Chinese population, we will provide netizens with services in this regard. On the other hand, there are Sina Finance Channels in various channels of Sina, which are specifically aimed at people who invest in wealth, as well as entertainment stars or sports stars, as well as high-end people in various aspects. We build such a channel, and we also hope to provide a better luxury home service. Previously, we also had a "Famous Car Channel" on our car channel, which contained the most luxurious car brands. Today, the luxury property channel is online, and it can also provide high-end property services for Sina netizens, which is also our purpose. Another point, let me introduce the advantages of Sina Leju. Sina Leju currently occupies an absolute leader position in the Beijing real estate market. According to Eric's statistics, it can account for 40% to 50% of the Beijing market. In 2009, we also launched some additional services such as Sina "Le Juhui", including our cooperation with the Bank of East Asia. In the future, on the basis of Leju members, we will further develop our villa properties, urban residential high-end properties and investment properties to provide customized services. We also hope that friends in the industry will become an effective platform for promoting high-end properties, and we also hope that you will provide more support and corrections to our luxury channel in the future. Thank you! Moderator: Thank you, Mr. Yang! Our luxury channel on Sina Leju has attracted much attention. The following is the exciting moment. Editor-in-chief Yang Xi announces the launch of the luxury channel! Yang Xi: I announce the launch of the Mansion Channel! This is the page of our mansion channel, please introduce Fu Shuo, editor-in-chief of Sina Leju mansion channel to us later. i want to comment