Expose Clippers seeking to trade Davis coach: This fat man is too indulgent Sina Sports News Beijing November 7th news, according to Yahoo Sports reports, veteran reporter Mark Spears mentioned in his column that there are signs that the Clippers Looking to trade Bearded Baron Davis, coach Del Nigro has made no secret of his recent dissatisfaction with Davis, who he believes has contributed nothing to the team. Since the start of the new season, the only win the Clippers have won was when Davis was out with a left knee injury. Including this season, Davis still has a three-year contract worth $41.8 million with the Clippers, which makes the team feel even more salary pressure. Davis' knee injury has always been good and bad, and it has occasionally flared up. Nigro hinted to the media that it was because he was too indulgent with himself and had been overweight, which caused the knee injury to not fully recover. Davis apparently has a feeling that he is caught in the trade rumors, and he defended his knee injury and state in an interview with "Fan House". He has missed three games because of a cyst in his left knee and will rest for at least three more, and could return as early as the Nov. 12 home game against the Pistons. "I already feel better," Davis said. "It's frustrating not being able to play, but it's really out of my control. The knee injury has been bothering me for a long time." Explain that the knee injury has been with him since his arthroscopic surgery in February 2007. "The knee has always been in a condition since the injury in 2007." Maybe Davis was too eager to come back at that time. He participated in the game less than a month after the operation, and buried the consequences of the injury. He said, "It got a little bit worse that summer, but the following season, I played 82 regular-season games, playing while healing." Davis said this to prove, "My knee injury is related to Weight doesn't matter. Even last season, my knee went back and forth like this, it would swell, then treat, keep playing, then swell, then treat... It's been like this every year, and I can only manage as much as I can, but I can't solve it , it's really annoying." No player wants to be in a state of injury all the time, and I believe Davis has no reason to joke about his career. However, his knee injury has almost exhausted the patience of Negro and the Clippers executives. No matter how compelled he is, I am afraid that he will not be able to change the fact that he may be traded. Davis is actively looking for a way to heal his knee injury. He revealed that he does not rule out the possibility of a second knee surgery, but before the end of the regular season, I am afraid he can only fight with the injury. (Chen drunk)