The ghost three-pointer stabs the Heat, who is he, he is called Tiezha because the Rockets don't have Paul played a far more important role than data. Perhaps with the help of Chris Paul, Ariza will find a piece of sky that truly belongs to himself in the Hornets. Ariza scored only five goals in the game, but they were all very important. With about eight minutes left in the first quarter, Ariza made consecutive catches and hit open three-pointers, which allowed the Hornets to set the tone of today's entire game from the very beginning of the game. Ariza's goals came one after another, which was particularly impressive. At the end of the third quarter, Paul launched a series of fast breaks, and Ariza always followed up in time, and then completed the attack with a dunk. Open 3-pointers and fast-break dunks have long been Ariza's best offensive weapons, but in the past people have always been asked to do things he's not good at. In the Rockets last season, due to the lack of ball-handling attackers on the perimeter, he was often asked to play singles with the ball, which also made him very uncomfortable. The new season came to the Hornets, Paul just took advantage of Ariza, which made him a little like a duck to water. Ariza's athleticism is also a good match for a point guard like Paul, who was happy with Ariza's pairing after his loss last season. Of course, Ariza's role for the Hornets is not just fast-break plus three-pointers, but his defensive ability is what the Hornets need most. In this victory over the Heat, the Hornets had an advantage that was established only on defense. Ariza's long arms give him a great advantage in help defense, and with Emeka Okafor on the inside, this defensive expert inside and out gives the Hornets a sense of hierarchy. Although Ariza did not take advantage of the little bit of defense against LeBron James, his active replacement made the entire Hornets defensive system integrate, which is also his greatest value to the Hornets. However, in this game, Ariza's biggest contribution to the Hornets is not these, his fatal blow is the key to the Hornets winning the game. With 35 seconds left in the game, the Hornets led 91-90 by just one point, with Paul in control. After consuming some time, Paul chose to rush to the inside, and then the Heat had four players to double-team Paul, but the queen bee successfully found Ariza who was ambush in the bottom corner. At this time, the 24-second attack time is not long, and LeBron James still flew over to block the shot, but the cold-blooded Ariza shot steadily. The ball crossed a beautiful arc and entered the basket. Ariza hit the key shot. At this point the game time only 14 seconds left, and the Hornets have led by 4 points, the game is over. Ariza has found his place in the Hornets, who need every skill he has without pushing him to do things he's not good at. This may be due to Hornets coach Monty Williams' teaching in accordance with his aptitude, but a larger part of the credit should go to Paul. The existence of Paul is the guarantee to maximize the value of Ariza, and Ariza will also find his own sky in the Hornets and regain the feeling of playing next to Kobe Bryant. At least for now, the Hornets are a better fit for Ariza than the Rockets. (268)