Hong Kong's bankrupt billionaires turn over with confidence: once lost 1.1 billion overnight Chinanews.com, January 29. According to Hong Kong's Ta Kung Pao report, the financial tsunami washed away the property of many people. road. However, there is a printing tycoon named Liu Zhenhui in Hong Kong, who once had a net worth of more than one billion, but he failed to invest in real estate. In 2003, a SARS took away all his property. Unfortunately, his wife was one day before he went bankrupt. Years passed, and under the double blow, he thought about ending his life from now on. In the end, with faith, he started out as a low-level scavenger. Although he once again lost his job, he eventually, with the assistance of the Retraining Bureau, took up a job as a supervisor in a factory in the Mainland next month, and then he developed a brilliant life. Liu Zhenhui, who started social work in 1978 and experienced two major financial turmoils in 1982 and 1998, said that he was never afraid until SARS in 2003, when he invested too much money because he was too confident. Buy a mansion. "At its peak, he owned five factories and ten mansions, and he lived in Jiudu Mountain." However, during the SARS period, the property market plummeted, and he lost 1.1 billion overnight, causing him to owe huge debts and finally file for bankruptcy. . Since his wife had just passed away in 2002, he was hit hard again before the pain was healed. Bankruptcy and the loss of his wife double blow When he is willing to face the road ahead, the difficulties are one after another. "I used to be a boss, and I asked people to do everything, so I never used a computer, but if you want to work, you need to know a computer, and you need to simply print a resume." So he made up his mind to enroll in a computer course, and finally used a computer by himself. The resume shows a job, but the problem reappears: "I used to be a boss, and no one believed that I could do a low-level job, so no one asked me." Finally, he put down his dignity and started a job with a monthly income of 7,000 Hong Kong dollars. The scavenger, who was between unemployment and part-time work in the following days, joined the one-stop employment service of the "Training and Employment Resource Center" of the Employees Retraining Bureau at the end of last year, which gave him confidence again and with the assistance of the center , he will be able to work in a factory in the Mainland in the middle of next month, supervising more than 3,500 employees. Starting from a low level and regaining confidence. Looking back on the past, Liu Zhenhui said eloquently: "When a person can lose everything, confidence must not be lost!" The "Training and Employment Resource Center", which provides one-stop services for the unemployed, has Since its opening in early October, it has provided real-time and individualized assessment, training and employment services to more than 200 unemployed persons. 14%; 30% are unemployed for one year or more, 40% are unemployed for two months to one year, and another 20% are unemployed for one month. Center supervisor Bu Fuchen said that the center started its service in September. There were more than 30 people seeking help in the first three months, but the number increased to more than 40 in November. Twenty percent. (Reporter Chen Pinghua)