On October 17th, the core project of Sina Leju Guoao’s official website, American Cube, was officially launched for sale today, and 3,000 home buyers with cash crowded the scene, 714 The suites were sold out in the blink of an eye, with a turnover of more than 500 million yuan! Once again created a sales miracle for the Beijing property market. The picture shows that netizens are always watching the sales situation in front of the sales control board. At 7:00 in the morning, customers outside the sales site lined up in a long queue. As of 8:30 before the opening ceremony, more than 1,000 buyers have come to rank At 10:00 in the morning, the event site was surrounded inside and out, and more than 3,000 house buyers were present. With the crowds at the scene, the sales data of Meicube is also being updated rapidly. Soon, all the 714 houses launched in this batch were sold out. Xue Zhiyong, deputy general manager of Sinohydro Real Estate, said that the reason why Meilifang can stand out in the market where the wait-and-see mood is getting stronger mainly depends on two factors: the unique core location of the Olympic Games and the most cost-effective boutique livable small apartment design. Precise customer positioning has also laid a solid foundation for the hot sales of Meicube. Because of its love for its apartment design, Meicube has attracted countless young people to come to buy properties. The picture shows netizens queuing up to apply for Sina Leju Cards Judging from the situation at the scene, about 70% of the young people came to buy houses. Many netizens said that they have been paying attention to Meilifang, and they like its apartment layout very much, especially the small apartment, which is practical and cost-effective. It can be said that it is suitable for investment and living. Sina Leju noticed that every time new sales progress was posted on the sales control form, the waiting customers were extremely anxious, and a man said to himself: "Oh, I guess I can't buy it. Can’t get it?” The picture shows a netizen filling in the Leju card information carefully. A young netizen said that it is difficult to find a house with satisfactory price and quality in the real estate market. It's a good opportunity, so I especially hope to be able to choose a desirable property. Many netizens gathered in front of Leju's event venue to inquire about the discount details, and expressed high recognition for the wide use of Leju cards. It is hoped that Leju will expand cooperative businesses as soon as possible and provide more discounts for netizens. Sina Leju was informed that Meicufang will launch the LOFT product in Block B at the end of November, with a floor area of 50-98. Netizens who failed to buy it this time can continue to pay attention. i want to comment