Injury impact: Schalke only has a perfect defensive line. Bayern and Dortmund are in different situations. When it comes to injuries, it is almost impossible to mention Arsenal and West Ham. The Gunners' new season has already started with a full battalion of wounded soldiers. However, in the opener last weekend, Nasri, who scored the winning goal in his first appearance, was also injured, and he was also forced to temporarily withdraw from the national team game in midweek; and Cesc Fabregas is estimated to have a week off. If Nasri can't play at the weekend, Wenger is estimated to have only 17-year-old Ramsey. The Gunners' London "comrade-in-arms" West Ham, the length of the injury list has been the longest among the 20 teams for one year. Ashton, the center who did not play a second degree last weekend, injured his calf again, but he did not get much for a week. Participating in the training, he is more confident that he will recover before the game. At the same time, he also bid farewell to the injured list. There is also central defender Collins. The recovery of the two of them has made Kobe at least 2 more available people because of the hospital bed of the Axe Gang. On the top, Bellamy, Ann Ferdinand, Dale and Tonkins were still lying there. In other teams, there is more good news than bad news. Liverpool winger Babel has returned to the team. If possible, Benitez can also use Lucas, who missed the third and fourth finals of the Olympic Games due to a red card. Villa ushered in two important summer new aids, Sidwell and Cuellar, who were absent from the opening game, while West Brom are looking forward to Luke Moore and Cologne who have just recovered from injury; Middlesbrough's Al Card, Portsmouth's Sean Davies, Fulham's Andy Johnson and Blackburn's Emerton are also the more influential "returners" in their respective teams. After the special reporter Mu Hao reported on the first round, the Bundesliga's attention was focused on the "Zheng Lanqi" Schalke 04, not only because they won the first round to the top, but also defeated Madrid at home in the first round of the Champions League qualifying round. Athletics, and their injuries. The Blues first broke goalkeeper Neuer in a friendly match, and then clashed with right-back Rafinha over Olympic participation issues. Although they negotiated with FIFA, they still let the Brazilian go to China, but after meeting with Fifa. After the Atlético de Madrid game, two new aids, Farfan and Engraal, personally selected by the new coach Rutten, both hung up, and the first-round victory also paid the price of Jones' injury. As far as the long season is concerned, the impact of these injuries on Schalke 04 may not be fatal, because the club has experienced the past few seasons, and the lineup is still quite strong. Only the goalkeeper Neuer is slightly irreplaceable. It was Bremen and Atlético de Madrid, and 5 players who were capable of playing the main force were absent. It is difficult for Schalke 04 to maintain a normal level of strength. Fortunately, Kerstadzic and Shi were injured some time ago. Treight has resumed training, taking the pressure off the injury a bit. In the face of such a heavy injury, coach Ruteng may have to rely more on a relatively mature defense line. This defense line has gone through 4 games from friendly matches to warm-up matches since August and has not conceded a single goal. The situation of Schalke 04's opponent Bremen in this round is not optimistic. Their midfield core Diego has just finished the task of the Beijing Olympics, but it is definitely too late to appear in the weekend game. The defense general Mertesacker was injured some time ago. After that, he had to miss at least the first two rounds of the game. Hundt, who replaced Diego in the last round, was also injured. Midfielder Frings missed the national team game in the middle of the week due to injury, but he was just for the weekend game. State reserved. Compared with the Blues Schalke 04, Bayern Munich, who once again started the new season with remnants, can now breathe a sigh of relief. Although there are still 5 players who cannot train with the team due to injuries and participation in the Beijing Olympics, only the midfielder Ribery is the absolute main force, and forward Tony and defender Demichelis, who have been absent from the game, have also been training with the team. Bayern's situation seems to be "reversing", this is not only Bayern's side, but also its opponents, Dortmund won the first game, but they lost goalkeeper Weidenfehler and defender Didi, plus striker Fry who can't play yet. With midfielder Tinga, Klopp's lineup is limited.