The value expression of the area where Vanke Blue Mountain is located (picture) Moderator: What kind of value expression will this area present in the future? Yin Dongming: I think the meaning of the eastward expansion of CBD is that in addition to indicating our expansion in the original area, we may also have industrial agglomeration and the entry of new industries. Judging from the current bidding units for Zhongfu plots, we found a large number of companies that have never been involved in the real estate field, including jewelry, music, freight, transportation, and more. A large number of companies that have never been involved in the real estate industry will not only bring a large number of buildings to the CBD, but also a large number of emerging industries. It turns out that industries with relatively narrow CBDs, such as finance and design, are better in these industries. But I think that in the future, as emerging industries will enter from the capital side first, it will bring more other non-traditional industries to CBD. Moderator: Just now, Mr. Yin also mentioned the positioning of this area. Mr. Li, what is the positioning of our Vanke Blue Mountain (forum, album, apartment, model room, review, map, search) project for the corporate crowd? Li Haohua: The positioning of the enterprise crowd, as Mr. Yin mentioned just now, after the eastward expansion, the CBD has entered some new industries, including the financial service industry, cultural and creative industries, including the media industry, which are relatively supported by the government. They will all come in. Our Vanke Blue Mountain Enterprise is a single-family building, and our customers are mainly medium-sized CBD enterprises. Our target cannot be the world's top 500 companies or large domestic central enterprises, because a small single-family house of 5,000 square meters cannot meet their needs, but we are willing to provide a place for medium-sized enterprises to display their corporate image in the CBD. Moderator: What do you think, Secretary-General Zhu, regarding this medium-sized enterprise? Zhu Lingbo: Now the office demand of enterprises has formed a trend of bipolar diversification. For example, there will be more and more small and medium-sized enterprises in the service-oriented and tertiary industries. But they also need a location in the core CBD area, and they can build their own buildings or move to a more distant place to be their own headquarters. Such small and medium-sized enterprises have great opportunities to work in the CBD area in the future. But they asked for some supplementary behavior outside of my working hours, integrating entertainment and leisure. In addition to large businesses, small businesses can make some supplements. I think this may be a presentation of the diversified form of CBD in the future. Moderator: The government also said that it will take about 10 years to build the Datou functional area into an important business space carrier for the capital to build a "world city". Do you think that the G1 and G3 buildings launched by Vanke this time, as the first response projects after the introduction of the Futou functional area plan, will play a pivotal role in the commercial atmosphere of this area? Xiao Jin: No, because its scale is very small, but it is undeniable that the development of this side will bring changes to the flow of people here. It is possible. But it is impossible as a start or as a transformation or as a lead. Because it is indeed small in size, but there is a small approach to small, small can be made more refined and more distinctive, all of which are no problem. Moderator: Thank you very much for the wonderful interpretations of the four guests, which gave us a deeper understanding of the Vanke Blue Mountains business project. This is the end of the interview. Thank you! (end) I want to comment