The Lakers locker room has two high requirements Jackson: 60 wins is the minimum target On the right track to get 60 wins, but unfortunately failed in the end. According to the "Los Angeles Times", Jackson is considering this issue at the beginning of this year's regular season. Likewise, 60 wins is his minimum requirement for the team. "We were disappointed with how the team played at the end of last season," Jackson said in an interview. "60 wins is my minimum goal for this team, but we didn't even meet that minimum last season. "However, despite having only 57 wins, the Lakers managed to clinch their second straight championship. Today, the Lakers have started with a five-game winning streak, and the momentum is quite good. Jackson also learned the lesson of last season's lack of performance and set goals for the team early on. "I still have a basic requirement for the number of wins, that is, the team must maintain home-court advantage into the playoffs," Jackson said. "I will always remind our players that this is our top priority in the regular season." To avoid repeating the same mistakes, Jackson also wrote the requirements for 60 wins and home-court advantage on the locker room chalkboard. Judging from the Lakers' current performance, they are the only three undefeated teams in the league. Moreover, the Lakers averaged as high as 113.8 points, ranking first in the league. In the eyes of the outside world, the current Lakers bench lineup is also very good. It can be compared with the 1999-2000 Lakers such as Rick Fox, Brian Shaw and Robert Hawley, plus Kobe Bryant and Pau Gasol these main players, 60 wins is not difficult for them. No matter how great the team is, there are occasional moments of complacentness, and it is precisely to avoid this that Jackson began to work so early. And the players understand this very well, "relatively speaking, it is determined by physical strength and health, the first half of the game is better to play," Derek Fisher said, "so we started thinking about home field advantage so early. Necessary, and this is what we must do our best." (XWT185)