Kang Jianmin explains the Hundred Flowers Award Jingwei Yaomiao actively promotes the film festival (Photo) Sina Entertainment News The press conference of the 29th Hundred Flowers Award for Popular Films and the 17th China Golden Rooster and Hundred Flowers Film Festival was held in Beijing on April 16. The list of candidates for the Hundred Flowers Award announced. At 16:30 on the 28th, Kang Jianmin, Secretary of the Party Group and Executive Vice Chairman of the China Film Association (blog), and Yao Miao (blog) Jingwei (blog), the image ambassador of this film festival, visited Sina Entertainment and explained the Hundred Flowers Awards to netizens. The selection method of the Golden Rooster and Hundred Flowers shared the interesting stories of the Golden Rooster and Hundred Flowers movie. Host Yin Jun: Hello, all Sina netizens! This is the Sina studio, I am the host Yin Jun, welcome to the Sina guest chat room. Today, we have invited three heavyweight guests to chat with us about the upcoming Golden Rooster and Hundred Flowers Film Festival. First, let me introduce the guests, Kang Jianmin, Secretary of the Party Group and Executive Vice Chairman of the Chinese Film Association, first to our netizens. Say hello! Kang Jianmin: Hello, dear netizens. Host Yin Jun: The other two, I think the audience and friends are very familiar with them, Yao Miao and Jingwei, the image ambassadors of this film festival. Two well-known hosts, it should be considered. Jingwei: Thank you. Yaomiao: Thank the host for the introduction. Kang Jianmin introduced the Golden Rooster and Hundred Flowers Award historical propaganda ambassador Jingwei Yaomiao and the film festival host Yin Jun: First, let me ask Chairman Kang, as far as I know, our Hundred Flowers Award has been awarded, about 28 times, since 1962 So far, the entire history of Chinese film development has been recorded, so the 29th session is about to be held. I think you must have a lot of feelings or something you want to say. Tell us about it. Kang Jianmin: The Hundred Flowers Award for Popular Films was established in 1962. It is an award with the longest history of Chinese film creation and a relatively large impact and scale. It has been 46 years since 1962. It should be said that the Hundred Flowers Award for Popular Films is also an award. Witnessing the bumpy road that Chinese films have traveled in half a century, this year is the 29th Hundred Flowers Awards for Popular Films. This year's Hundred Flowers Awards will be awarded in Dalian. The 10 candidate story films have been released to the majority of audiences and friends, and also to the majority of netizens. The next time is until July 30th. This is the time for our audience to vote. 5 winners will be awarded. During this process, 101 audience members will be selected in three batches to become our public judges. When the time comes, they will go to Dalian to participate in the film festival, and they will decide the final best award. It should be said that the Hundred Flowers Award is an award that is very important in the hearts of Chinese film audiences, so we have also taken this into consideration, and let this award, especially in this period, bring Chinese films and Chinese audiences closer. Some, this is a very important purpose of our Hundred Flowers Award. Host Yin Jun: Today I saw two propaganda ambassadors also coming to the scene. Many netizens are asking why we Chinese Film Association have always locked Yaomiao and Jingwei as our ambassadors? Kang Jianmin: They are two well-known hosts of Chinese film reports. They have experienced the shooting of many movies. I think the majority of the audience, including the majority of netizens, saw the two of them and thought that it must be related to the movie, so we have nothing to do with it. Do not hesitate to ask our two hosts to be the image spokespersons of our Hundred Flowers Awards. Host Yin Jun: It is not the first time that Yaomiao and Jingwei have had such contact with the Hundred Flowers Award. They will also have many thoughts and feelings. Let us hear how the two of you understand? Ask Yaomiao first. Yaomiao: Last time, I was the image promotion ambassador of the Hundred Flowers Award for Popular Films the year before last, and I felt very honored, because when I was a child, I learned about such awards from popular film magazines, and I also participated in voting, including mine. Mom and Dad have also participated in the voting, but I was very surprised the year before last. I felt that I could be so close to this award. This time I became such a promotion ambassador again. I think this may really benefit from us. Such a column in which it is located is "China Film Report", because Chairman Kang also said just now that we hope this award will bring Chinese films and Chinese film audiences very close. The distance between the audience is very close, which also makes us feel more confident to be such a promotion ambassador. Jingwei: Yaomiao has said a lot. She is also a child actress. When we were young, we were very concerned about popular movies. We were the same. When we were young, our parents paid special attention to it. Now, the focus is on the two of us doing "Chinese Movie Report" on the movie channel. In the column, I have been in direct contact with filmmakers, going to the studio, interviewing, and visiting classes for 365 days, so I think the Hundred Flowers Award for popular movies, so the public and movies are separated, and we happen to be a bridge in the middle, so we are very honored to do this, I also hope that the identity of this publicity ambassador can be well promoted and done well. Kang Jianmin: Since the two of them became the image spokespersons of the Hundred Flowers Awards in the last session, of course, the number of our votes is not entirely because of them, but it has a lot to do with them. The total number of votes was only over 300,000, but after the two of them came up, the total number of votes reached 1.1 million, so I would like to thank them both. Jingwei: I don't know, I'm happy to hear it. Yaomiao: It seems to be effective. (laughs) Chairman Kang Jianmin explained in detail the current Hundred Flowers Awards and enthusiastically answered questions from netizens. Host Yin Jun: There are also netizens who have a lot of questions, and they especially want to ask Chairman Kang. Compared with the previous Hundred Flowers Awards, the upcoming 29th Hundred Flowers Awards have some differences. What's the difference? Or any highlights? Kang Jianmin: This year's Hundred Flowers Awards should be said to be the second Hundred Flowers Awards after the reform. In the last 28th Hundred Flowers Awards for Popular Films, we operated according to the new regulations, which is divided into four stages, that is to say Four passes. The first hurdle, it is now two years, the box office has exceeded 5 million, and the movie has reached 30 million views on the movie channel to be shortlisted for the Hundred Flowers Award. This is the first hurdle. In the second round, a film with a box office of 5 million and 30 million people will be voted by the managers of 100 key theaters under the China Urban Theater Association, and 10 films will be decided. Many reporters and netizens asked me why I want a movie theater. The manager came to vote. It's a very simple matter. No matter which field people in these 62 feature films have not watched all of them, who has watched them all? The managers of these key theaters not only watched the movie, but also knew how the audience felt after watching the movie, so we have been working closely with the China Urban Cinema Development Association, and 100 of their managers cast 10 movies, which started Hand it over to our broad audience to start voting. After several months of voting, one was to vote the top 5 as our nominations for the Hundred Flowers Award for Popular Movies. In fact, the top 5 have already won the award, but in the end we added another link, which is the 101 popular judges. For the establishment, we randomly selected three to four times during the voting period, and selected more than 100 lucky audiences according to their phone numbers. These 101 audience judges arrived in the city where the film festival is held. After arriving in Dalian this year, there is no other task. Two days Time to finish these 10 feature films, watch 5 in one day, watch them in two days, discuss in one day, there is no moderator in the discussion, just the convener they choose, and the whole discussion process is open to the media. You can record the whole process, video the whole process, no problem. Finally, at the award ceremony, the live broadcast will use live voting to decide the final best winner, so it is full of suspense and even some excitement. Host Yin Jun: It's really full of suspense. I see that there are many netizens in the live broadcast room now, asking us about Chairman Kang. The most frequently asked questions, one netizen said I wanted to be a public judge, and another said how can I be a public judge? Kang Jianmin: I am very happy to tell all netizens that the voting method for popular movies has changed from the original single letter voting. Now there are three voting methods. In addition to the letter voting method, there are also mobile phone SMS voting. The most attractive and convenient way is through the Internet. vote. Voting by letter is very simple, that is, Popular Film Magazine, Universal Screen Magazine and some related film magazines. We will also ask them to send us additional ballots. After the end, you can send it to the Film Association, or you can mail it. Mobile phone SMS voting, now the official website of our China Film Association has been opened, just click on this website, there will be a vote in the middle, register to vote, you can vote after entering your simple information, voting is very convenient, one thing, If you want to become a public judge, be sure to leave your phone number and leave it real, because why? After we confirm the selection, because every time we select under the supervision of the notary, we will select the public judges in three batches. After you are selected, we will call you. First, make sure you can come? Second, determine your identity, determine your age and region, because we think that audiences from all over the country want to participate in this mass judge and participate in the film festival, so we confirm the identity after the phone number is finished, and finally we determine the 101 There are many audience judges, so I fervently hope that our vast netizens and audiences can participate in the voting of our popular movie Hundred Flowers Award through these three methods, the most convenient way is the Internet. Host Yin Jun: There are many ways, as long as I send ballots or send text messages. Kang Jianmin: Anyone can become a public judge without any restrictions. Jingwei Yaomiao actively acts as a publicity host for the Golden Rooster and Hundred Flowers Film Festival Yin Jun: This is a very good opportunity, many audiences may not understand and can participate. It's very interesting, and some netizens are saying that they like the two hosts very much. I would like to ask if there is any difference between the endorsement of the Hundred Flowers Award and the usual host? Feelings of the two. Yaomiao: When I said I wanted to be an image promotion ambassador last year, I was at a loss at first and didn't know what job I was going to do, but then I found out that from now until the answer to the Hundred Flowers Award is revealed, all the answers to the selection will be revealed. , During this period of time, it seems that our program will continue to report some candidate films and the relevant situation of the candidate filmmakers. It seems that I am also the same as the fans. The Hundred Flowers Award began to be very familiar to everyone, that is, if you pay attention to our column, you will find that from now until the Hundred Flowers Award is announced, we will basically have a lot of introductions related to the Hundred Flowers Award every day in the column. I think this is related to the Hundred Flowers Award. The most different place in the previous column. Jingwei: Yaomiao is talking about a whole process of follow-up, starting from the very beginning of the Hundred Flowers Award until it was announced. We have a series of reports called the Hundred Flowers Award for Popular Films, which appears every day in our column. The first is Tell everyone the news from our side, and secondly, you can get feedback from everyone and get it to broadcast on our side. I hope more people will participate in this event. The popular movie Hundred Flowers is the voice of everyone. Judging everyone's awards. Yaomiao: In the column, I will continue to tell you how to participate in voting, such as sending text messages and so on. Host Yin Jun: In addition to doing shows, you may have to attend some other activities and work. Will there be any? Jingwei: It should be counted today! Yaomiao: There was also the first launch ceremony and press conference some time ago. Kang Jianmin: During the whole voting process, the main creators of these candidate films may be interviewed. This also allows many netizens and many audience friends to get to know them better. Yaomiao: Filmmakers may also canvass for themselves through our column. Jingwei: The year before last. Host Yin Jun: I would run into your show at that time. Jingwei: Interview them in our program, and we will also canvass votes after communication. Host Yin Jun: Is canvassing allowed? Kang Jianmin: Yes. Kang Jianmin: We hope more viewers can pay attention to this. Chairman Kang Jianmin revealed that the Golden Rooster and Hundred Flowers star lineup is usually on Sina.com. Netizens: Chairman Kang and the two spokespersons, will there be many stars coming by then, and who are the stars that can be identified now? Kang Jianmin: At least these two stars can be confirmed (laughs), and there is one other star who can be confirmed. Their Dalian film ambassador, Yu Nan, who was just announced yesterday, is also an actress who is very lucky. As for how many filmmakers and film artists will be able to attend the Dalian Film Festival, we can't really estimate at the moment, because many film stars are looking forward to our Hundred Flowers Awards every year, and they are very willing to go. But there may also be some. There is a temporary change, and it can't come again. There are very important things that can't be escaped. There are also such cases. But no matter what, we will invite the 101 audience judges who have won the nomination award to be judged by the audience at that time, and they will invite them to participate in the Dalian Film Festival with an invitation letter signed by them as in previous years. I have full confidence in that. Host Yin Jun: Filmmakers want it very much. As far as I know, many filmmakers want to go to the film festival. They feel it is an honor. Jingwei: And getting such an invitation letter is very sincere and very important to the audience. Yaomiao: It is difficult to refuse an invitation from a movie fan. Kang Jianmin: As a filmmaker, whether it is a director, an actor or other creative staff, the most important thing you should pay attention to is the Hundred Flowers Award, because the Hundred Flowers Award is directly directed to the audience and is voted by the audience, so if you can get the Hundred Flowers Award Award, I think it has won the recognition of our audience, I think there is no doubt about this. Moderator Yin Jun: Chairman Kang, you just mentioned that there is a special place this year for online participation, including online voting, so I would like to know, Chairman Kang, do you usually go online? Kang Jianmin: Sometimes I don’t go to work when I’m busy, but I also need to go to work when I’m busy, especially on Sina (laughs). Moderator Yin Jun: Just now we also mentioned that netizens can participate in voting through the Internet. Specifically, log in to the official website of the China Film Association and so on. Kang Jianmin: I also hope that the official website can be supported by Sina.com. If you go to Sina.com, you will know that there is a vote for the Hundred Flowers Awards. Click on it quickly. This may allow us to participate more widely. Because our official website has just opened, there may be many viewers who don’t know it yet, but they know too much about Sina.com. So I sincerely hope that our Sina.com will support our Hundred Flowers Award voting. Moderator Yin Jun: How did we come up with this idea this year? Kang Jianmin: Last time we also had the website of the Golden Rooster and Hundred Flowers Film Festival, but this time it was the official website of the China Film Association. Because of the online voting, from the last time we felt that after the addition of online voting, the number of votes was indeed relatively large. , and convenient, there are many netizens. The three guests were moved by the enthusiasm of the fans. The host Yin Jun: For people like us, online voting is the most convenient, so many people may be drawn over. Here I would like to ask two spokespersons. When I was the spokesperson last year, there were What is the most memorable thing for you? Have it? Gotta recall. He: When I was in Hangzhou, the year before last. Yaomiao: The impression is very deep, what is the most unforgettable thing? Which scene is the most memorable? Host Yin Jun: The first thing that comes to mind. Yaomiao: What impresses me the most is the enthusiasm of the fans, because I am. At that time, I hosted the Avenue of Stars and the red carpet, but the red carpet at that time was actually a very new attempt, because it was not just outside the gymnasium. , but the stars took a boat to the white embankment and built an avenue of stars on the white embankment. The weather is also very good. It feels very sentimental, and it is not only a very euphemistic feeling, because the fans next to it are too enthusiastic , every time a star or guest appeared, they would call their names crazily, and some small events were held in local theaters. At that time, I felt that there were really too many people who liked watching movies. surrounded by eager audience. Host Yin Jun: I didn't think about it beforehand. Yaomiao: Thinking of some cities with better box office, the movie audience may be more. Later, I found out that in fact, every city has a special audience who loves to watch movies. Host Yin Jun: Chairman Kang, did you think that you would be so supported by the audience? Kang Jianmin: To be honest, it was the first time after the reform of the Hundred Flowers Awards for Popular Films. I really didn’t have a clue in my heart, but when I slowly saw the increase in the number of votes on the Internet, I was in my heart at that time. It became more and more practical and practical. When it came to the award ceremony in Hangzhou, Jingwei served as the host. The scene on that day was very exciting, really exciting. After the winners came to the stage, they were really too excited to speak. Jingwei: Absolutely, what Chairman Kang said is what impressed me the most. It is because there are 101 public judges, so they will let them. You know, the big screen index at the scene is constantly rising, and it may be higher than him. But it may surpass him in a while. It is really a one-vote vote on the spot, and the audience is from all walks of life, men and women, young and old, and the age is uncertain, but it represents a voice of everyone, so the filmmakers are very nervous to sit down, I Whether it can be recognized by everyone, I think this is a very successful point of the reform in the previous year. Host Yin Jun: Every year, we change places. This year in Dalian, the year before last in Hangzhou, and last year in Suzhou, they are all places with beautiful scenery. Many people will stop by for a tour. When we talk about Hangzhou, Jingwei is the host. The scene, that kind of feeling, I don't know what you were in that environment at the time. Apart from seeing the changing screen that made you nervous, what else impressed you? Jingwei: I think filmmakers are very enthusiastic. Every time I interview filmmakers, they will say, I want to be recognized by everyone. No matter how good I make a film, I hope everyone will watch it, I hope everyone likes it, and I hope everyone will recognize it, so the filmmaker Participation is very large and very enthusiastic. Although some people are relatively late in the nomination, he has always been more serious, and the whole person is involved. The film and the audience are interactive, and they are a whole, and everyone is involved. This is what makes me most memorable. Moderator Yin Jun: Chairman Kang was sitting in the audience at that time! What is the mood at the scene? Kang Jianmin: I think I was a bit more complicated than the audience at the time, because it was the first time, and my way of appraising and awarding awards had to be tested by audience friends, so I was also uneasy. Host Yin Jun: Then what happened later? When did the stone start to drop? Kang Jianmin: After the last award was awarded, I finally felt that this time our reform had been tested by the audience and recognized by the audience, and I felt at ease.