Five Milestones of Pierce's Career Conquering the Lakers Forced Austrian Fat to Send Truth It's a milestone achievement. So in the eyes of "Bleacher Report", this is just one of the dazzling moments of Pierce's career, and Pierce's milestone is not the only one. 5. In 2001, he scored 42 points against the Lakers and established the title of "Truth". Before the start of the season, Pierce had just suffered a vicious incident in a bar. He was stabbed more than ten times and survived. However, the tenacious Pierce was not disturbed in any way. In the game on March 13, 2001, Pierce ran into the Lakers led by Kobe Bryant and Shaquille O'Neal and scored 42 points. After the game, O'Neal commented, "Paul Pierce is the (expletive) truth, you remember this is what I said, I knew he could play, but I didn't know he could play so well, Paul Pierce is the truth." In this regard, "truth" became famous all over the world. 4. In 2002, Pierce alone led the team to the Eastern Conference finals. The Celtics had a mediocre record of only 49-33, but in the end, under Pierce's tenacious leadership, the team eliminated the 76ers and the Pistons in the playoffs. In the end, the Nets met in the Eastern Conference finals. Pierce averaged 24.6 points, 8.6 rebounds and 4.1 points per game in the playoffs that year. The Celtics lost 2-4 to the more balanced Nets, but Pierce's iron-blooded spirit was fully revealed. 3. In 2008, Pierce got out of the slump and the Celtics formed the Big Three, but before that, Pierce was almost traded out of the team. Although the lineup has players like Kevin Garnett and Ray Allen, Pierce is still the team's scoring leader, and the unhappiness before the season has not affected his professionalism at all. Moreover, in the final finals, Pierce's stable performance not only proved his leadership, but also won the finals MVP trophy for himself. The world was once again impressed by his dedication. 2. Pierce's speech on October 28, 2008 On this day, the Celtics raised their seventeenth championship banner, and Pierce also accepted the league's Finals MVP trophy. In the subsequent speech, Pierce expressed his heartfelt thanks to his teammates, family and fans, choked several times during the period, and this scene also made many Celtics fans cry, and the efforts of "truth" have finally paid off. 1. In 2010, Pierce entered the 20,000-point club and served the Celtics for 13 years. Pierce finally became the top 36 scorer in the league. In the green shirt list, only Havlicek and Bird was ahead of him. In addition to the data, Pierce has made himself the banner of Boston, and his professional attitude and loyalty are models for his peers. It can be expected that after his retirement, the Celtics will definitely raise a retired jersey of No. 34 at home. (XWT185)