Study Abroad Must Know: What Skills Foreign Universities Value More Special Guests: Graham Trevor Caddock, Lecturer, Business School, University of Leeds, Dr Clive Sanders, Lecturer, International Department, Chengdu No. 7 Middle School, Kaplan Education, May 16, 15:00, Lecturer, International Department, Chengdu No. 7 Middle School, Kaplan Education, UK Dr Clive Sanders, Ph.D. in Biochemistry from University of London, Bachelor of Chemistry from Sever University, Canada, and Bachelor of Science Education in Secondary School from University of British Columbia, Canada, will visit the "2009 Sichuan International Education Exhibition" site to explain in detail the impact of the "point-based system" on studying in the UK. On March 31 this year, studying in the UK opened a new chapter. With the implementation of the "point system", studying in the UK has begun to heat up. However, many students and parents also have concerns: from the perspective of the application process, the implementation of the New Deal makes it easier to study in the UK, but the New Deal places more emphasis on the academic conditions for studying in the UK. How to obtain an unconditional admission notice from a regular UK institution is The key to studying in the UK is that 75% of the visa score is handed over to the institution for decision by the British Immigration Service. Under this pressure, the institution will examine the academic background of the student more strictly and issue the admission notice more cautiously. So, how to get the favor of British institutions? The newspaper specially invited experts to give you pointers on the maze. Reporter: From the perspective of British schools, what changes have been made in the admission procedures of universities after the implementation of the New Deal? Graham: The most obvious change is the greater responsibility of the school. The 40 points in the visa and the first 30 points come from the visa letter and guarantee qualification issued by the UK-approved educational institution, which requires the school to review the qualifications and materials of the students more strictly and more carefully, and has higher requirements for authenticity. In the past two years, British colleges and universities have generally raised their admission standards. This is because the number of Chinese students applying to study in the UK has risen rapidly in recent years. Of course, the conditions for school admissions have risen; Control the number of Chinese students. In addition, many schools found that many students' actual ability did not match their test scores, and they could not graduate successfully. This not only wasted students' time and money, but also affected the school's reputation. Reporter: What abilities do British universities value in students’ background checks? Graham: Language ability, personal comprehensive quality and the applicant's professional academic ability are the three aspects that British universities examine applicants. As far as the University of Leeds is concerned, we now attach the most importance to students' professional academic ability. Many Chinese students can meet the school's requirements in language, but their academic ability is often short-circuited. This is mainly due to the educational differences between China and the West. Taking the undergraduate stage as an example, British high school graduates begin to contact relevant courses to be studied at the university two years before graduation, and have made professional preparations for the university stage in advance; and at the master's stage, the school also requires students to have a strong research ability , teamwork ability, will do classroom speeches, data analysis, and require students to complete a large number of thesis writing. In contrast, Chinese students have a certain gap in their professional study and personal research ability. Reporter: After the visa policy changes, how should Chinese students prepare for studying abroad? CliveSanders: I think whether the visa changes or not, the most important thing is that students themselves should prepare for studying abroad first. Complete preparation for studying abroad should include at least three aspects: academic preparation, psychological preparation and career planning preparation. First of all, students must have a certain understanding and experience of living and studying abroad, master a certain level of practical English application and academic ability, and have certain skills for studying abroad, such as classroom speech, data analysis, thesis writing, etc. Second, students are psychologically prepared to live independently in different cultural backgrounds. Finally, reasonable career planning before going abroad is the premise to ensure successful employment, because it is related to the professional choice of the study abroad stage. Reporter: How much help does academic ability help students apply? Clive Sanders: Many students and parents tend to focus on the process of going abroad, how to choose a school, how to apply and write materials, how to pass a visa, etc., but do not pay much attention to the study preparation before going abroad and how to adapt to Western education after going abroad. Study preparations before going abroad not only include language ability training, but more importantly, master and familiarize with foreign study methods and skills, which need to be experienced and felt by students. These experiences of academic ability development are very beneficial for applying to British universities. For example, under the same conditions, student A only provides personal language scores and subject scores in the application materials, and student B also adds some experience in training his academic skills. Such as specialized preparatory studies, specialized academic ability training courses. It is obvious which student the university will admit. This Sunday afternoon, the International Department of Chengdu No. 7 Middle School will hold a public lecture for high school students to study in the UK. It will be clear to everyone who listens to it.