Uncovering how the former Soviet Union drilled the deepest hole in the world The competition is also slowly unfolding, and this is the battle for the center of the earth. Maybe the former Soviet Union and the United States will never be able to drill to that depth, but they can try to drill to the so-called Moho interface. The Mohor interface is more formally known as the Mohorovicic Discontinuity, which is a theoretical dividing line between the usually solid outer shell and the magma-filled mantle, but there are Very controversial. The former Soviet Union has also joined the race to drill the world's deepest hole after the United States launched a drilling program to reach that depth. Dean Dunn writes in Earth Science: "In 1960-1962, the combination of economic interests and national self-confidence during the space race prompted former Soviet scientists to plan to drill a 'Russian ultra-deep well'. Mohole)', the goal was to get to the line between the Earth's outer and inner crust before the U.S. drilling program." Shortly after this initial goal was set, the former Soviet Union had an even more ambitious goal: a better understanding of How precious minerals are formed. The Soviets chose to drill in the inaccessible Pachinga area, where the former Soviet Union drilled the deepest hole ever drilled, more than 7 miles (11.2 kilometers) deep. The following are the relevant photos published by the US "Wired" magazine. 1. Kola Academy Kola Academy in the photo, Russia drilled for more than 15 years, and finally drilled to a depth of 40,226 feet inside the earth's crust. This world record has not been broken so far. But while the campaign was very successful as an exploratory mission, little is known about the geological discoveries at the site. The Kola Superdeep Borehole is "a stunner" in the field of large-scale ultra-deep hole drilling programs, said Mark Zobeko, a geologist and drilling expert at Stanford University. 2. Drill bit for ultra-deep holes This process for drilling ultra-deep holes is very simple. To drill a hole in the ground, simply attach a set of drilling tools to the bottom of a drill pipe. When it goes down to the bottom of the hole, the powerful engine will knock it to death, so that the hole will continue to deepen. Fluid is constantly flowing in and out of the hole to cool the drill bit and keep the hole stable. When the drill bit wears out, the worker replaces it with another one. While the basics of drilling a hole are well known, drilling an ultra-deep hole is a very difficult job. The former Soviet Union encountered a series of technical problems in drilling so deep into the surface. The most important of these is the high temperature deep in the Earth's crust. Engineers in charge of Kola's ultra-deep drills, based on limited resources, figured out how to cool down and produced a number of drills that could continue to work at temperatures in excess of 600 degrees Fahrenheit. 3. Workers of ultra-deep drilling This drilling project in the former Soviet Union began in the early 1960s and did not end until the disintegration of the Soviet Union. The geopolitical environment at the time largely shrouded this work in secrecy. Despite the now-out-of-print and hard-to-find book "Kola Ultra-Deep Drilling" written by former Soviet Geology Minister Ivgeny Kozlovsky, no data on the project has ever been reported abroad. Related reports: Journey to the center of the earth: what we will see when entering the center of the earth (picture) Scientists plan to drill the center of the earth to reach the mantle layer in 2012 (picture)