The latest news: To study in the United States, you must take a legal and cultural course first. It is a crime to say that "not liking black people" is a crime, and you will get zero points if you do not cite the source... This fall, studying abroad has entered a critical period of preparation before departure. Recently, a number of institutions have held In the pre-departure counseling sharing session, graduates from Boston University, St. Louis University and other universities also returned to China to share their experiences of living and studying in the United States. They reminded Chinese students about to go to the United States that the United States has sound laws and is also a multi-ethnic country. If the legal awareness is weak or cultural differences are ignored, it may cause "unintentional" violations or "accidental" punishments. Many students admitted frankly: "When I first arrived in the United States, I had a 'Chinese mindset' and thought that it was enough to manage my studies. However, I and my friends have suffered losses by ignoring some legal and cultural differences." Dormitory, sentenced to "racial discrimination" Carrie attended a school in the northeastern United States. The school's roommate was Jojo, a black man, and Carrie was very different from Carrie in terms of schedule and daily habits. So she applied to the school to change the dormitory because she "didn't want to live in the same dormitory with black people". As a result, the school not only rejected her application but also severely warned that she had "racist" tendencies. Carrie felt very angry and helpless. She couldn't understand why "just asking for a dormitory change" was called "racial discrimination". According to senior experts studying in the United States, the United States is a multi-ethnic country, and "all men are created equal" has been written into the constitution early, and has been fighting for it. Students studying in the United States must "be careful with their words and deeds", and avoid saying or doing words and behaviors suspected of "discriminating against race". Carrie can apply on the grounds that "I like quiet, but my roommate is open-minded and likes music, and the two parties' very different habits really make me a little unhappy". The team was sentenced to zero points for plagiarism. Jimmy, a student at Boston University, said that he participated in group cooperation in a certain semester, completed a comprehensive project assigned by the teacher, and finally submitted an 80-page thesis, but the teacher found out that one person cheated , as a result, the entire group of 7 students "failed" 9 credits in three courses, and their grades were zero. According to reports, Chinese students are prone to breaking the law on issues such as intellectual property rights and need special attention. Some teachers in the United States use professional software to search the articles submitted by students to monitor whether students infringe on the intellectual property rights of others. Once found, the punishment is quite strict. In the United States, when students write articles, when citing the content of other people's articles, they should be marked with quotation marks in the text, and cannot exceed a certain number of words, and the source must be indicated after the text, otherwise it will be regarded as academic cheating. In the light of warning, the grade of the course will be cancelled in the middle, and the student will be expelled in the severe case. Experts suggest that you must not ignore and challenge American laws and school regulations. Many students, including some students with top grades, have also "sought for help" from overseas because they don't know how to deal with it. Violations of laws and regulations may lead to serious consequences, do not try the law by yourself. Driving illegally, applying for a green card is blocked. Mark is studying at a state university in the central United States. He passed a written test in the United States to obtain a road permit, but when on the road, there must be a driver's license sitting next to him to guide him. One day he borrowed a car from his roommate and went to the supermarket ten minutes away to buy some food. A yellow school bus in front of him showed a "STOP" sign. He didn't know what it meant. He overtook it, and was immediately caught up by the police. He was found to be driving without a license. Soon, he received a subpoena from the court, was fined $1,500, and was closely monitored for a period of time to come. Although this violation did not lead to the consequences of dropping out, it left an indelible stain on the law. If Mark intends to work in the United States in the future, he will be affected by the illegal record when applying for a green card. According to expert analysis, the United States is a country that rides on the back of a car, and the highways are extremely developed. Buying a car and driving has become the favorite of Chinese students. Legal issues related to cars have become a concern for Chinese students. The laws of the United States relating to people are very sound and well established. In the United States, as long as the yellow school bus shows a "STOP" sign, no vehicle is allowed to overtake it, otherwise it will be regarded as a safety threat to students getting on and off the school bus and violate the law. In addition, Mark is driving without a license, so "double illegal", Mark will naturally leave a record of illegality.