Bao Ge's five elements: Manchester United's big win to get rid of the downturn, Arsenal's first choice for anti-coldness: Manchester United VS Bolton Recommendation: 3 Bremen VS Hoffenhai Recommendation: 3 The fields are all candidates for football lottery. This column combines multiple elements and chooses 4 games to stabilize the courage, and Arsenal VS Hull City has signs of upset. Manchester United VS Bolton: In the past 5 seasons, Manchester United has won all against Bolton at home, with obvious psychological advantages. From the performance of home and away, Bolton lost the first two away games in a row; and Manchester United need a victory to boost morale after losing four official games. Bremen VS Hoffenhai: Bremen defeated Bayern 5-2 in the last round and won two consecutive victories; although Hoffenhai had a good start, he mostly played at his own home. In the one-goal/ball-and-a-half deep set, the home team won both Bundesliga games in the new season. Football Lottery single 3 for the gall. Unpopular games: Arsenal VS Hull City recommendation: 31 Hannover VS Bayern recommendation: 30 In the case of more courageous materials, once the giants do not win, they will be unpopular. At the opening of the history of Ao Cai's initial trading, it indicates that the two giants, Arsenal and Bayern, may be upset. This will be the focus of this issue. Arsenal VS Hull City: Hull City has 2 wins, 2 draws and 1 loss in the first 5 rounds, and the performance is not bad. Both the initial market and the betting market of AOC will be Qiuban/Two goals. When the market opened like this before, the home team of the Premier League had 6 wins and 6 draws, and there were many draws. If the football lottery is 1, it will be a big cold. Hannover VS Bayern: In the past confrontation, Bayern had 3 wins and 2 draws away from Hannover, but Hannover has 8 wins, 6 draws and 2 losses in the past 16 home games, which should not be taken lightly. Aocai's initial market and betting market will both be the guest handicap and half one. Under the historical opening, the Bundesliga home team has 4 wins and 2 losses. Football lottery supplement 3. Other event reminders: