Film Copyright Association Anti-piracy Joint Film Party Protection Rights (Photos) Sina Entertainment News on July 30, China Film Copyright Association, and its related member units Network Technology Co., Ltd. (Century Link), Shanghai Yinzhi Network Technology Co., Ltd. (VeryCD), and other infringing websites for infringing piracy, request for administrative punishment to relevant government departments and file civil lawsuits in people's courts to effectively Protect your legitimate interests from harm. Sun Jianhong, the chief legal counsel of Huayi Brothers, said that the losses caused by piracy to "Tangshan Earthquake" cannot be calculated, but it can be said to be immeasurable. Huayi Brothers filed a lawsuit over the infringement. Sun Jianhong, the chief legal counsel of Huayi Brothers, said that on July 20, it was discovered that the "gun version" of "Tangshan Earthquake" had been spread on Fengxing.com, and then Huayi made a fair preservation. Work. Since the movie is still in the hot release period and the investment is huge, the operators of these websites disregard the legitimate rights and interests of the copyright owner and cause huge damage to the normal use and dissemination of the movie on the Internet. Sun Jianhong revealed that Huayi once conducted a questionnaire survey on a certain website, if there were no free movies, would they go to the cinema to watch movies. As a result, 42% of the people chose to go to the cinema to buy tickets, and 41% chose not to spend money to watch them. The rest doesn't matter. The Film Writers Association expressed its support for Huayi Brothers Media Co., Ltd., a member unit, to carry out rights protection activities for the films "Tangshan Earthquake" and "Spy on the Sea". On July 22, "Tangshan Earthquake" was pirated shortly after its release, which was exactly the same as the company's "Spy on the Sea" suffered piracy not long ago. A few days ago, Huayi Brothers has obtained sufficient, reliable and valid evidence and will file a lawsuit against the infringing party. The filmmaker of "Ip Man 2" claimed 10 million yuan for the director of the Film and Writers Association, Zhu Yongde, said that for the first time, he will sue several Internet cafes in Beijing and Shanghai "Heroic Broadband" and Hangzhou "Century Link" for the first time in his own name. It is understood that after the National Copyright Administration and other three departments officially launched the "Jianwang Action" on July 21, 2010, Shanghai "Heroic Broadband" and Hangzhou "Century Link" still provide "The King of Guns", "The Second World" ” and many other films were used by Internet cafes in Beijing. After obtaining a large amount of conclusive evidence, the Film Writers Association decided to file a civil lawsuit in batches with the competent court, demanding an immediate cessation of infringement, an apology, and compensation for economic losses. a civil lawsuit. In addition, Yingzhu Xiehe Dasheng International Media (Beijing) Co., Ltd. jointly sued Shanghai Yinzhi Network Technology Co., Ltd. It is reported that on May 4, 2010, shortly after the release of the movie "Ip Man 2: The Legend of the Grand Master", it was discovered that the homepage of the "eMule" website operated by Shanghai Yinzhi Network Company recommended the infringing clear version of "Ip Man 2". The situation of broadcasting "Ip Man 2". The Film Authors Association and the producer will jointly file a lawsuit with the Shanghai No. 1 Intermediate People's Court. According to the click rate of "E-Donkey", the amount of box office loss displayed by the digital platform of the cinema electronic ticketing system, and the average cinema ticket price issued by the China Distribution and Screening Association Equivalent value, it is more accurate to calculate that the loss of the right holder is RMB 11,850,800. Wang Yunian/Wen Sunhui/Photo