Experts who are hot for studying abroad in the economic cold wave reminded that risks coexisting with costs Reducing the cost of studying abroad has always been an important factor for many families. The falling exchange rate and the appreciation of the renminbi mean that the "cost-effectiveness" of Chinese students studying abroad has improved, not only in tuition fees, living expenses, but also guarantee funds. reduce accordingly. This undoubtedly makes more people have the idea of studying abroad. Lower thresholds Under the current economic situation, countries have lowered their thresholds and introduced new policies to attract overseas students. The British government has relaxed the immigration policy for studying abroad, increased enrollment in China, and further extended the renewal period of student visas; American universities have clearly stated that scholarships have increased compared with previous years; the Australian Immigration Service has reduced the difficulty of Chinese students' language courses in Australia, and shortened the period of time. Deposit certificate deposit period; Irish colleges and universities have launched paid internships, maintaining the advantages of low costs and high employment rates, etc. Major selection Before 2000, Chinese students chose majors like to get together, all computer or business administration. In fact, studying abroad is nothing more than to improve your English level, exercise your ability, broaden your horizons, etc. Whether you can find a good job or not, the choice of major is extremely critical. The economic crisis has led to the bankruptcy of large financial institutions, and a large number of elites have been laid off and unemployed, which greatly affects everyone's expectations for the financial profession. For international students, the first is their interest in the major, which is the biggest motivation to learn professional knowledge; the second is their own positioning, whether they want to become high-level professionals, or follow the trend of hot majors. In addition to the emphasis on in-demand majors, schools and programs that offer paid internships are also of interest. In the face of the hot market for studying abroad, experts remind that when considering studying abroad in a financial crisis, one should rationally consider its advantages and disadvantages, rather than taking it as a determinant of whether to study abroad. Although studying abroad is now beneficial, there are risks. The timing of studying abroad varies from person to person. There is currently the last "2009 World Famous School Enrollment Education Exhibition" held at the Scitech Hotel in Beijing on March 28. Bole study abroad institutions provide on-site study abroad consultation. In addition to the theme lectures in popular countries such as the United Kingdom, Australia, and the Netherlands, the education exhibition also invited Mr. Reiter, a celebrity in the American education circle (officer of the admissions office of the University of Wisconsin/International Education Officer), to give everyone Interpreting the opportunities and challenges faced by international students in the United States for employment is a rare instructive course for students who yearn to study in the United States.