Sina Entertainment News Among domestic directors, He Ping is an expert in slow work and meticulous work. He spent six years shooting the film "Heroes of Heaven and Earth", and recently His new work "Wheat Field", which took five years of energy and effort, was launched in a low-key manner. Compared with the grand launch conference of "Heroes of Heaven and Earth" in 2001, this new work starring Fan Bingbing (Tingge blog) was kept secret. Ma Tanying, directly hit the filming scene of the film on the set, the actress Fan Bingbing with the "happy mood" that squeezed out Zhou Xun is devoting herself to perform a "war lie" 2,200 years ago. Fan Bingbing starred in "Female Mayor" in high bun and sackcloth. Recently, the China Film Digital Production Base in Huairou, Beijing held an unveiling ceremony. The reporters who came to interview unexpectedly found that a film directed by He Ping and Fan Bingbing was being filmed in a studio of the base. Starring in the new costume film "Wheat Field", according to media reports, this film tells the story of the Warring States Period. In addition to Fan Bingbing, the actors also include Wang Zhiwen and Wang Ji, etc., and the crew refused to disclose other situations on the grounds of confidentiality. In fact, the reporter had already learned that "Wheat Field" was launched on the 21st of last month. In addition to the above three main actors, the male protagonist is Xu Jinglei (Tingge blog) boyfriend Huang Jue (blog) and played the role in the movie "Bath". Du Peng who sang "My Sun". A few days ago, the reporter came to the China Film Huairou Digital Production Base and found that "Wheat Field" was filmed in the No. 10 studio of the base. The studio is not large, and the crew built a residential courtyard with the architectural style of the Warring States Period. The whole scene gives people With a sense of desolation and desolation, although many staff members are busy on the scene, the film's shooting momentum is still incomparable with ancient costume blockbusters such as "The Promise" and "Golden Armor". Judging from the actor Chen Rong of the film, "Wheat Field" can only be regarded as a medium-sized production, and the scene is relatively simple. The reporter even thought the film was an indoor costume film at one time. During the shooting of the day, the reporter accidentally saw Fan Bingbing who was doing makeup in the studio dressing room. Fan Bingbing's shape was relatively simple. In the group of high officials or noble families, Fan Bingbing sat quietly in front of the window, she seemed very happy, she was smiling all the time, and let the makeup artist do her make-up, which meant "be the window and the temples, and the mirrors are decorated with yellow". . According to the reporter's understanding, "Wheat Field" is based on the historical background of the most important battle in the Warring States Period - the Battle of Changping. Fan Bingbing plays a "female city owner" who stayed behind in the city of Zhao Guo. This is also after Fan Bingbing continued "Ink Attack" The second interpretation of the story of the Warring States Period. The reporter felt that Fan Bingbing was in a "very good mood" when filming "Wheat Field", and the next day when the reporter came to the set again, he saw Fan Bingbing's happy mood spreading throughout the set. Fan Bingbing was holding a roll while resting that day. The hairy dog got out of the RV. She was wearing ancient linen underwear, and the clothes were old and rustic, but these did not cover up her pretty face and bright smile. Fan Bingbing had a cherished expression on her face, like a little girl. She is also addicted to the happiness of "human and dog harmony". The dog in her arms is very cute and honest. At first glance, it seems that she is usually spoiled. When Fan Bingbing put it on the ground, it neither ran nor ran away. It didn't move, as if walking. Fan Bingbing chased after it a few steps before it ran. Fan Bingbing's face showed an innocent smile. What made Fan Bingbing so happy on set? According to the reporter, the original heroine of "Wheat Field" was Zhou Xun, but because Poly Bona also invested in the film, Poly Bona proposed to let Fan Bingbing, who has a cooperative relationship with the company, play the female lead, but Fan Bingbing succeeded. Zhou Xun was squeezed out, and Zhou Xun had carefully prepared for this film for a long time. In this contest, Fan Bingbing was in a good mood.