Boss Fred received an unexpected gift on Christmas. A card filled with teammates' wishes. Here comes this victory. Beating Bayi at home and winning five consecutive victories, such a start to the season was something the Beijing team did not dare to hope for in previous seasons. In the locker room, Min Lulei praised everyone's performance in the game that day. The game plan he arranged before the game was to bite the Bayi team in the first three quarters, laying the foundation for the double foreign aid in the last quarter and paving the way for the final victory. As a result, the Beijing team perfectly executed the coach's arrangement. In the first quarter, when many main players were troubled by fouls, the Beijing team tied with the opponent at 19 levels in the first quarter, 38 levels in the second quarter, and 60 levels in the third quarter. With a tie score, the two sides entered the fourth quarter, and at this time the Beijing team sent the team's most assured inside "doubles" - Abbas and Morris. However, the Beijing team is not as excited as they beat Guangdong before, but the difficulty of this game is no less than winning Guangdong. Before the game, the leader of the basketball association said: "The Chinese men's basketball team won the Asian Games, and the members of the national team contributed." The implication is that the veteran Wang Zhizhi of the Bayi team is very hard and not easy. Yesterday, Ah Dijiang deliberately gave Da Zhi more rest time in the first three quarters, and it was not until the fourth quarter that he really sent the veteran to play. Therefore, even if the Beijing team has two foreign aids in the last quarter, it will not be easy to win. It wasn't until the last minute of the game that the winner was decided. Xie Libin's three-pointer, Morris's shot, and Li Xuelin and Chen Lei's free throws, everyone made their own contributions at the end of the game, and there were no mistakes. Chen Lei said: "It's not easy for us to bite the opponent at the end of this game. Bayi team is half a head higher than us in almost every position. And every time we play against Bayi team, it always feels different. , after all, they are also a dynasty team, the championship temperament and the spirit of the army are also the objects we have been learning from, and this victory proves that we can also fight like the Bayi team." The other players other than Reconciliation Libin are so unfamiliar. Five years ago, under the leadership of Battelle, Xiaoyun and Jiao Jian, these three players had won more than 10 games in a row, but then it was a downturn for 4 consecutive seasons. . After winning the game, Min Lulei was not overjoyed. He stood alone at the door of the locker room for a long time, thinking about the team's prospects. In his position, he must be prepared for danger and not let the team have a frivolous and impetuous mood. Francis didn't get a chance to play last night, but he received a "Christmas gift" from the Beijing team - a Christmas card full of teammates' wishes. As the captain, Chen Lei was the first to write on the greeting card to Mr. Ferguson: "I wish you an early recovery! We believe in you!" The Beijing team hopes that Mr. Ferguson can recover in January next year and return to the court to help the team. .