Zhan Jun UEFA Champions League Football Lottery Analysis: The Blues, Red Devils, Liverpool and Juventus, will be particularly exciting this season. There will be old powerhouses such as Bayern and Juventus rejoining the fray, as well as super dark horses such as Anroxas and Cluj. Come to disrupt. And they all have the same goal: to block the four giants of the Premier League! Among the Premier League teams in the first round, Chelsea and Manchester United have a better chance of winning at home. Liverpool's situation is a little worrying: Barcelona: Sporting Lisbon (3, 1) This summer, Barcelona has invested a lot in the transfer market, and fans have higher expectations. . But for the time being, it seems that Guardiola has not yet formed the team. The new aids Alves, Hleb and Keita cannot reflect the value of the original club, and Pique has not helped the team to improve the defensive line that has repeatedly leaked. The old problem of attacking last season still exists, and Messi and Henry, who have been playing in a row, have shown signs of fatigue. Sporting Lisbon started the season in good shape, beating old rival Porto to win the Portuguese Super Cup, and maintaining a complete victory in the first two rounds of the league. The main lineup is relatively stable, keeping new stars such as Motinho and Veloso. Last season, they brought a lot of trouble to Roma and Manchester United away from home. They are good at controlling the ball and are very skilled in ground coordination. There is a possibility of a draw in this battle. Marseille: Liverpool (3, 0) Although Liverpool beat Manchester United at home for the first time in nearly 7 years last Saturday, their energy consumption is relatively severe, and there are still some problems worthy of attention. Especially in the first half of the defense, the opponents shot more with less shots, and the side defense and depth protection need to be strengthened. In recent years, their Champions League group stage has always been slow. I hope Gerrard and Torres return from injury to improve the team's attacking quality. Marseille used a "underdog" attitude to overwhelm its opponents at Anfield Road last season. Although they lost Nasri and Cisse in the new season, they still added offensive players such as Ben-Alpha and Da Keene. The top 5 in Ligue 1 The round remains unbeaten, with a total of 12 goals scored, and the strength cannot be ignored. In terms of football lottery selection, it is recommended to go both ways. Manchester United: Villarreal (3) "Red War" Manchester United is not a poor player in general, it is "very poor" by the standard of the double champion last season. Especially in the second half, Rooney and Bebatov seemed to be invisible, and the midfield was scattered. But the "Red Devils" are rarely sluggish in two important games in a row, and Sir Ferguson estimates that they have been yelling at them. Judging from the staffing situation, if you insist on using Bebatov, you may try to sacrifice one between Rooney and Tevez, so that the attack and defense of the midfield will be more balanced. Three years ago, they suffered a big loss against their Spanish opponents who were extremely good at controlling the tempo, so to ensure that they can play their offensive power, they must "backwards and then forwards". Villarreal is a bit like "cowboy candy", with special ability to grind, it is difficult to take advantage of them without speed and air superiority. Considering the injury of Rossi and Nihat on the striker, the threat of counterattack is not great, and they are not optimistic on the road. Juventus: Zenit (1, 0) Zenit St. Petersburg is like the "club version" of the Russian national team. It maintains the fast and mobile characteristics of the former Soviet football, adds the delicate technical and tactical elements of the Netherlands, and has strong The financial guarantee has become a force that cannot be ignored in the European arena. Due to the slow start of the Russian Super League this season, they have little hope of defending the league title, so they must be particularly devoted to their debut in the Champions League. Winning the UEFA Cup last season and beating Manchester United in the European Super Cup not long ago helped these players accumulate valuable European experience. Juventus's prospect of qualifying in this group is not optimistic. Ranieri is stable in coaching. The current personnel composition is too many veterans, and there is a lack of midfield organizers. Facing the dynamic Zenit team, I am afraid it will be difficult to win.