 new model for studying abroad: the pass rate of student visas has reached 84%. Special guest: Ms. Tina Onufer, Director of the Visa Section of the US Consulate General in Chengdu Special reminder At 10:30 am on May 16th, the Visa Section of the US Consulate General in Chengdu Director Ms. Tina Onufer will visit the "2009 Sichuan International Education Exhibition" site to introduce visas to study in the United States and answer common questions about visas. Under the financial crisis, studying in the United States is still hot. In this upsurge, what are the characteristics of the 2009 US student visa? What should a student applying for a visa do to prepare? How to avoid being refused a visa? A few days ago, our reporter had a face-to-face exchange with Ms. Tina Onufer, Director of the Visa Section of the US Consulate General in Chengdu, on the above-mentioned issues. Reporter: What was the overall visa situation in the United States in 2009? What are the changes to the student visa? Ouyang Ting: It is safe to say that the visa situation in 2009 will be very good. According to our statistics, the pass rate of student visas has reached about 84%. Compared with the past five years, the number of students applying to study in the United States has increased every year, from 2003 to 2007, an annual increase of 20%, and reached 23% in 2008. In the past, students applying for visas were mostly postgraduate students (masters and doctoral students), but in recent years, we have seen more and more college students and even some high school students apply. That is to say, this year's visa students are larger and have a wider range of levels. Reporter: What preparations should students who want to apply for a US student visa do? Ouyang Ting: Students can visit our website (chengdu.usconsulate.gov) to view detailed visa preparation materials. In addition to the corresponding visa forms and visa fees, students also need to provide proof of family financial resources, income, bank funds, and real estate certificates that can prove the funds. Secondly, the tuition fee for the first year should be shown to the visa officer immediately, and the tuition fee for the following years should be provided with sufficient materials to prove that the family can afford it. Next, students need to prepare a personal statement, including why they chose this school and major. Personal statements must be truthful and reasonable. Reporter: What should students pay attention to when applying for a visa? Ouyang Ting: Now some intermediaries tell students that they have a good relationship with the consulate and can help students get visas smoothly and at the same time make high profits. What I want to emphasize is that the consulate has nothing to do with the intermediary agency. Whether the visa is approved or not depends entirely on the student himself. Many students are very nervous when they come to apply for a visa. The visa officer understands that you are under a lot of pressure, but don't be nervous. If you are too nervous, it will affect your language expression and you will forget what you are saying. If you are really nervous, you can clearly tell the visa officer "I am nervous and would like to rest for a minute". In the visa process, the most important thing is to show yourself truly and truly. It is best not to recite the previously prepared materials, but to truly tell the visa officer about your dreams and plans to return to China after graduation. During the interview, English must be used. If the student is going to the United States to study the language, the visa officer will ask some basic questions according to the situation, and English is also required. Reporter: Generally speaking, what are the reasons for visa refusal? What should I do after being refused a visa? Ouyang Ting: There are three main reasons for the refusal of the visa. One is the economic aspect, the second is the poor English grades, and the third is that the statement made the visa officer think that you will not return to China. In addition, some students are not well prepared and too nervous is also one of the reasons for the refusal of visas. Even after being rejected, we still welcome students to apply for a visa again. However, before coming, we must summarize why the visa was rejected last time, find the reason, and explain it to the visa officer. Also, in Chengdu, if you are refused 4 times, you cannot get a visa. Reporter: Are there any advantages for students who get scholarships on visas? Ouyang Ting: Of course it is good to get a scholarship, but the most important thing is to be able to show your talents and abilities during the visa process. Judging from the visa situation, most of the students who go to study in the United States go to not very famous schools, and there are few scholarships, but this does not mean that these students have no advantages in the process of visa. From the visa point of view, the final approval is mainly due to the materials and the performance of the student itself, not the scholarship.