"Serious Case 3" Wang Qian wrote the script for Ding Zhicheng, has Ji Yanglian made progress? Sina Entertainment News A few days ago, "Six Groups of Serious Cases 3" was broadcast on Beijing TV's film and television channel. In the play, the process of solving the case is not only thrilling and fascinating, but the ambiguous emotional state of Ji Jie and Yang Zhen from "Six Groups of Serious Cases 2" even captures the hearts of the audience. In order to ensure the integrity of this line, Ding Zhicheng joined the sixth group of serious crimes halfway, and Wang Qian wrote the script for Ding Zhicheng on the spot. Many viewers said that watching "Major Case 3" just wanted to see whether Ji Jie and Yang Zhen "made it or not". When "The Sixth Group of Serious Cases 2" was on the air, Ji Jie and Yang Zhen's ambiguous ending made many "serious case fans" embarrassed. Unfortunately, many viewers continued on the official website of "The Sixth Group of Serious Cases" and on the post bar. Writing about the love story of Yang Zhen and Ji Jie, there have been more than a dozen different versions of ancient costumes, modern times, legal affairs, etc. circulating on the Internet so far. The process of Ding Zhicheng's rejoining "Severe Cases Six Group 3" this time was also quite tortuous. Due to repeated delays in the shooting time, Ding Zhicheng's other drama has already started filming, so he could only reluctantly give up this cooperation. When the filming of "Major Case 3" was about to be completed, Ding Zhicheng called Wang Qian after finishing the filming of another work and said that he could join. As the literary coordinator of "Severe Cases Six Groups 3", Wang Qian quickly adjusted the entire script outline, and even rushed to write the script for Ding Zhicheng on the spot. How did the two end up in the end? Wang Qian, the literary coordinator of the play, said that the relationship between the two has developed to a certain extent, but the final ending is kept secret, but it can be guaranteed that everyone who has watched the entire "Major Case 3" will definitely be satisfied with this ending. "Severe Cases Six Groups 3" is now being broadcast on Beijing TV's film and television channel, with 2 episodes simulcast every night.