The unique advantages of the official opening of the Hecubic model room have attracted hundreds of people (Photos) Recently, Beijing's real estate market has attracted much attention. For a time, young people with dreams began to hesitate, and choosing a house with a good location and high cost performance became an important topic in this period. On August 1, 2009, the model room of Helifang was officially opened to the public in the expectation of everyone. When the sound of festive firecrackers resounded in the sky, the service staff in the model room had already sent away more than a dozen customers, "The sales office was packed with people before 8 o'clock. As soon as the door opened, they rushed in immediately. Now I don't know how many customers have come to see the house," said the sales lady who has been in charge of reception in the model room with a tired face. According to Sina Leju’s data, when the price of Helifang has not yet been determined, nearly 100 people signed up for group purchases on the details page; . Why is "Hecube" so popular? Leju Xiaobian integrated the various evaluations heard in the model room and the relevant introductions of the project leaders, and revealed the answer to this question. The picture shows the utilization rate of more than 160% of the living room on the first floor of the Hecubic model room. The gift area of the LOFT with a large area is very large, and the gift rate exceeds 100%. Taking the main house type of 53 square meters as an example, the minimum gift set area is 44 square meters, and the maximum gift set interior area is more than 70 square meters. The usage rate is over 160%. 5.3-meter-high LOFT, really small duplex In recent years, LOFT projects in Beijing have emerged one after another, but often the product design has some deficiencies in one way or another - insufficient floor height, incomplete functions, poor lighting, no ventilation, no gas, etc. Suitable for long-term family life. But judging from the co-cubic model room seen on site, the product design is very reasonable, and it can be said to be second to none among the LOFT projects in Beijing. The height of the cubic floor is 5.3 meters, which is a real upstairs and downstairs duplex space, and there is no waste of space. The unit type is fully functional and fully transparent. The design drawing is a two-story bedroom in a cubic model room. The unit type design is very reasonable. Take the main unit LA as an example. Although the sales area is only 53 square meters, it has complete functions and is a real two-bedroom, two-bedroom unit. Hall two guards. Dynamic and static partitions, living room, dining room, bedroom, kitchen and bathroom are all available. It should be emphasized that there are toilets upstairs and downstairs, which cannot be found in many LOFT projects. Moreover, the cubic unit has a lot of variable space, and the space can be adjusted and changed according to the actual needs of individuals. Ventilation and lighting are the eternal pains of small apartment products. Helifang has handed in a perfect answer sheet this time. It adopts a fully transparent design to ensure the lighting and ventilation of each apartment type, and can enjoy the natural wind passing through the hall. Many families are reluctant to consider the important reasons for the LOFT project, especially families with the elderly and children. It is difficult to achieve the comfort of family dining just by relying on the electric kitchen. Helifang deliberately connected the project to gas to meet the living needs of Chinese families. On the facade of Art Deco building, every household enjoys the central garden landscape and the cubic structure expresses the classical Art Deco architectural style with modern architectural techniques. Structured. The whole building highlights the vertical lines, and the whole building looks upright, noble and elegant. Standing out from the crowd in the surrounding area, it is foreseeable that it will be a new landmark building in the Lishuiqiao area in the future. At the same time, the project divides the different functions of the garden with lines and geometric images. The central water feature, health trail, fitness area, children's activity area, pet park, everything is well thought out by the owners. The enclosed central garden is shared by households. Everyone can enjoy the garden view from their own window. 800,000 two-bedroom, low total price, low cost of living, ten years without changing the room The picture shows the main unit of the study, which is designed to make full use of the space in the He-cube model room. The main unit is 53?, and the two-bedroom unit is less than 800,000, plus a gift The area is more than 80?, it is a fully functional two-bedroom, enough to get married and have children, and it will not change rooms for ten years. The 77? apartment is even more powerful, with four bedrooms, two halls and three bathrooms, allowing you to enjoy four-bedroom living ten years ahead of schedule. The property fee of a cubic meter is 2.3 yuan/?•yuan, which is only charged according to the sales floor area, and no property fee will be charged for the gift area. Even the property fee is given away, saving 1500 yuan a year! !