Zhang Huisheng: Beijing, a world-class city, will drive the rapid development of surrounding cities. Thank you, Mr. Chen. Let me briefly summarize. Mr. Chen means that in the market environment where such policies are frequently issued, housing prices in Beijing’s big cities will rise more significantly. In cities, the structure of supply and demand will change, and the unilateral rise in housing prices will also be curbed. It can be seen that the government is suppressing the demand for residential investment and speculation. Because of the marginal effect of Beijing, many home buyers, or in other words, some of us who have spare money and want to invest in real estate, can turn more attention to some cities around Beijing and areas with potential for development, such as Chongli. , some cities in Yanjiao and Gu'an, you may give them more focus. Therefore, areas like Chongli will have better development in the future, and the county magistrate just mentioned that the opening of the expressway is very convenient to reach Chongli. So why Beijing is so attractive to everyone must be because Beijing is not only a It is the capital and has the positioning of an international metropolis, so it attracts everyone's attention to buying properties here. Just now, Mr. Chen explained the current situation of housing prices in Beijing from the perspective of policy. Now I would like to ask Mr. Zhang to talk about it from the perspective of urban planning, because Mr. Zhang has done some work in urban planning in Tianjin and the Bohai Rim region. Talk to the teacher. Zhang Huisheng: Let me talk about my personal views on the development of tourism real estate in Chongli. The development of tourism real estate enables the development of the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region around the Bohai Sea. The current urban development is the development of urban agglomerations or regional economic clusters. From the perspective of Tianjin and Hebei, the strong market demand for their tourism has been enhanced by them. Whether it is our tourism real estate or tourism projects, it is useless if no one comes. Whoever meets our market demand, in fact, the development of the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region is in a large urban belt. It can be said that the continuity of demand is developing. Chongli It's also well represented here. We don't want to look at the changes in the current urban development, but for a tourist city like Chongli, it provides a lot of resources in terms of tourism demand, because it is very close to Beijing. As a world-class city, Beijing is only one distance from Chongli. Two hours, there is an effect here. Now, it takes more than an hour to drive from many communities in Beijing to the suburbs of Shunyi County, so I think the development of tourism real estate in Chongli, including the development of tourism projects. Li is a Chongli county today, and it may not take five years to become a famous tourist county. Famous and famous: Chongli builds a tourism economy, and has high requirements for the contemporary living environment. Teacher Kaiyan please interpret Chongli and this project from the perspective of the living environment. I would like to comment on property navigation: