The e-sports competition that the General Administration does not participate in lacks international significance. Since the state approved e-sports as the 78th officially launched sports event in my country in 2003, e-sports sports have gone through 6 years in China. Before the WCG2009 World Finals, Ms. Yang Ying, Deputy Director of the Information Center of the General Administration of Sport of China, accepted an exclusive interview in Chengdu. E-sports: A product of the information age, as a new type of project originating from society, what exactly is e-sports, what kind of environment and status quo is the development of e-sports in my country, what are the problems, and what are the ways out? As the management department of e-sports, how should we develop e-sports and the industry? With the concerns of these netizens, the reporter started an exclusive interview with Director Yang. "Every sport is the product of the development of social productivity and social change." Director Yang told reporters with a smile, "The agricultural era gave rise to track and field, the industrial era gave birth to racing cars, and the information era gave birth to e-sports." Director Yang believes that e-sports is a sports that is based on online games and sublimated. She explained to reporters that e-sports is an intellectual confrontation between people using high-tech software and hardware equipment as sports equipment; e-sports uses electronic information technology-based competition equipment and equipment to carry out quantitative and variable Repeated confrontation competitions; after long-term training, sports skills and rules can be formed; under the premise of advocating the principle of "openness, fairness and justice" and strictly abiding by the unified competition rules, it reflects the essence of intellectual sports and technical confrontation. Then, Director Yang explained three differences between e-sports and traditional online games: First, different ways of participation: e-sports mainly use the local area network as a means of networking, while online games use the Internet as a means of networking; second, e-sports There are clear and unified competition rules, and the biggest feature is strict time and round restrictions. However, online games do not have unified and clear competition rules, and there is no time and round limit, which is easy to addicted to people; , decide the winner. And online games are mainly man-machine confrontation, not through man-to-man confrontation to judge the results. The development status of e-sports in my country: more than 26 million e-sports enthusiasts. Since 2003, there have been 64 e-sports clubs in my country, including 5 professional clubs, and more than 1,200 registered athletes, including nearly 60 professional athletes. In this way, China already has more than 26 million e-sports enthusiasts. Major independent brand events include the National E-Sports Games hosted by the All-China Sports Federation and the IEST hosted by Lenovo Group, which have begun to form a global e-sports event center market. In 2008, the output value of my country's e-sports industry reached about 80 million US dollars, and self-developed national e-sports products have gradually come out, such as "Anti-Terrorism Action" developed by Kingsoft Corporation. "my country's e-sports sports project is still in its infancy. There are still irregularities in the management of e-sports, and there are relatively imperfect weaknesses in policies and systems." Director Yang said frankly, "my country's e-sports level is comparable to that of South Korea, There is still a certain gap compared with Europe and the United States." She said, but what is gratifying is that my country's e-sports has a wide audience and huge market development space. The enthusiasm has also been continuously improved, which has formed the conditions for the rapid development of e-sports. Chinese e-sports players: National honor is above all Since e-sports is a high-tech competition, Chinese e-sports players not only have high IQ, but also have excellent overall quality. In the interview, Director Yang gave an example: He Xuebing, a Chinese player who won the championship of "Need for Speed" in the 3rd Asian Chamber Meeting, gave up the opportunity to interview with the Bank of China and resolutely represented China in Vietnam. He Xuebing said, "You can find another job. , but I want to represent the country and win honor for the country!" Like He Xuebing, many Chinese e-sports athletes have to choose between national honor and personal interests, but most of them resolutely chose the former. Director Yang told reporters very moved, "The main body of sports is athletes. These athletes with excellent quality have shown us the hope of China's e-sports. We must vigorously cultivate such sports talents!"