Football Lottery Line of Fire: Liverpool's victory over Hertha Middlesbrough became a Bielefi nemesis Match 1: Liverpool VS Middle home team's first round performance: Since UEFA adopted a "4+4" player playing policy in the Champions League, foreign aid Liverpool, which is the main player, has been greatly affected. It is very likely that they will focus on attacking the league this season. Last week, they challenged Sunderland, known for their bravery and toughness. Liverpool did not have reservations because of the previous Champions League fierce battle against Liege. The main force played in the final with Torres' goal and a small victory over the opponent. After a week of adjustment, this round of home Liverpool will play with all the main force, and the home court has obvious advantages against the mid-tier teams. The visiting team’s blocking ability: Middler defeated Tottenham 2-1 in the last round, but in terms of the process of the game, due to the large changes in Tottenham’s lineup, and the fact that Santos, Modric and others are in the process of running-in, the team is weakened to a certain extent. In order to improve the combat effectiveness, both goals were made by taking advantage of the opponent's defensive mistakes. What's more important is that Middlesbrough is a team that scores points at home, and its away combat effectiveness is very average. The trend of the game: Liverpool's defense system with Carragher as the core is not the same as Tottenham's defense. Under the leadership of Benitez, Liverpool's home performance has been stable. Striker Torres is in good shape recently. With Robbie Keane's restraint and the support of midfield technical players, there is a great hope for a home victory over Middlesbrough. Game 2: Black VS Hull City The home team's performance in the first round: Black reversed Everton 3-2 in the first round. The performance of left-back Warnock was especially crucial. have a direct relationship. After Bentley left the team, Ince replaced him with Dunn on the right. This man has certain offensive ability, but the defense is not good. Both of Everton's goals were initiated from the left. Ye is obviously too old, and once faced with the opponent's turns, the possibility of making mistakes is very large. The visiting team’s blocking ability: Hull City reversed Fulham 2-1 at home in the last round and got a good start in the Premier League, but it is not difficult to find from the performance of the whole game that Hull City’s defense problem is very serious: Fulham had 14 shooting opportunities in the whole game, Half of the shots were made with headers from the penalty area. For a Premier League team, if the mid-high ball defense is a weakness, it will be very passive in the face of a high-heavy and tough team like Blackburn. Trend of the game: Although Black has lost personnel, the team is playing at home. The forwards Santa Cruz and Roberts are both tall and grab-point forwards. After a season of running-in, they have a good understanding of each other; Hull City header from the middle The disadvantage is huge, and there is no sharp wing breakthrough, it is difficult to make a breakthrough on the road. Game 3: Hertha VS Bielefi Home team's first round performance: Hertha beat Frankfurt 2-0 away in the first round, Favre continued to use the mature formation of 3241 last season. Behind the striker Pantridge, Pischke and Stern not only connect the four attacking midfielders, but also fill the gap between the three defenders at any time. Once the four attacking midfielders have the ball, they move forward collectively, forming more points Therefore, this style of play has high requirements on the physical fitness of the midfield; however, due to Hertha assisting a lot of high-tech equipment in training the physical fitness of the players, coupled with the young players, the actual combat effect is good: although Frankfurt had 18 shots, But there was only one shot on target and Hertha took advantage of the only five shooting opportunities, and the attacking midfielder Albert and Rafael scored two goals to complete the lore. The visiting team’s blocking ability: Bielefi drew at home against Bremen who lacked major generals in the last round, but the defensive problems have been exposed, especially after the physical decline in the last 20 minutes of the game, the opponent obtained many threatening shots, if not for Bremen’s ability to seize opportunities Poor, it is difficult for Bielefi to score points at home. Trend of the game: Hertha's style of play will be very effective against a team with many veterans like Bielefi. With the addition of striker Pantridge's ability to seize opportunities in the frontcourt, Hertha has obvious advantages. We are optimistic about the home team's victory in this game. Game 4: Dortmund VS Bayern's home team's first-round performance: This season, the coach of Dortmund has been replaced by Klopp, and the style of play has not changed. It is still 442 last season, but some veterans have been abandoned to promote some young people. In the first round away challenge to Lever, the team won 3-2, but all 3 goals were directly related to the opponent's defensive mistakes. From the perspective of the game trend, Dortmund did not create many opportunities. The performance of the midfielder is not good, and the team is still in the process of running in. Although the two defenders Subotic and Hummels have excellent physical conditions, they are too young and inexperienced. The visiting team’s blocking ability: Bayern has recently missed many main players, and the injury situation has not improved this week. Judging from the game against Hamburg in the first round, the four defenders have problems in defense, and the reason why Hamburg can tie the score is related to the sluggish state of the entire back line. The personal abilities of Klose and Podolski in the frontcourt Not bad, but after Ribery's injury, the midfielder's support for the frontcourt was not enough. Trend of the game: Both teams have problems in both offense and defense. It is quite difficult for either side to win the opponent. 1 may be the most reasonable result in this game. Considering that Dortmund is playing at home, and Bayern has more defensive problems and none of the four defenders are trustworthy, pay attention to the main victory in the by-election.