Luxury cruise ship sawed into two sections for lengthening transformation (Photos) Luxury cruise ship sawn into two sections for lengthening and transformation On August 27, according to the British "Daily Mail" report, watching a cruise ship was sawed in two sounds like an unforgettable magic show. But the scene is by no means an illusion, the owner of the 916-foot (279-meter) cruise ship actually split it in two, adding 73 feet (22 meters) to its length. The approach may be extreme, but the £30m job is a fraction of the £500m needed to build a new cruise ship. The extended version of the Enchantment of the Seas offers 151 more cabins. The overhaul also added new amenities, such as a suspension bridge above the pool deck, as well as trampolines and a 108-seat restaurant. Since the cruise ship has 12 decks, construction crews worked around the clock for six days to split it in two. They used blowtorches and circular saws and even split one of the pools in half. The work was carried out in dry dock at the Keppel Verolme shipyard in Rotterdam, the Netherlands. There, the new 12-deck cruise ship was carefully moved to a place with hydraulic jacks and 18-wheel trucks, using lasers to maintain precision. The cruise ship's new components fit exactly into place - 1,300 cables, pipes and delivery pipes that had to be reconnected. After just 6 weeks, the "Charm of the Seas" was back in service. After setting sail from Fort Lauderdale, Florida, it is currently located in the western Caribbean Sea. The extended version will be able to carry more passengers, previously the "Charm of the Seas" can carry up to 3,000 passengers and crew. Cruising holidays are becoming more and more popular in the UK and across the Western world. The 9/11 attacks in 2001 and subsequent terrorist threats have made vacationing at sea an increasingly popular destination for travelers who are afraid of flying. A spokesperson for Royal Caribbean Cruises, which owns the ship, said: "We are always committed to providing our customers with new, exciting and unexpected experiences. We are willing to continue to expand to achieve this great goal." ) Related reports: American company builds the world's largest cruise ship with New York's Central Park (picture)