Taiwan Golden Horse Awards Nominations Announced "Certificate of Voting" PK "Cape No. 7" The full list of nominations for the 45th Taiwan Golden Horse Awards Golden Horse nominations announced The shortlist was announced. The movie "Blog" directed by Chen Kexin was nominated for 12 awards and was the biggest winner. "Cape No. 7" followed closely and was shortlisted for best feature film, best director, best supporting actor, 9 awards including Best Newcomer. The movie "Assembly" was shortlisted for 6 items, and "Half Sea, Half Flame", which has not yet been released in Taiwan, has been nominated for the Best Feature Film, Best Actor, Actress and other awards, which is eye-catching, and "Red Cliff" was also shortlisted. He won 4 awards including Best Supporting Actor. This year's Taiwanese film box office is booming. In the shortlist, "? Boy" and "Nine Falls" were nominated for the best original screenplay, and "? The boy" was shortlisted for the best drama and supporting actress and the best new actor in one fell swoop. . In terms of heroine nominations, newcomers came out in large numbers. Mo Xiaoqi (blog) and Zhang Rongrong showed their brilliance in the first test. Hong Kong actress Liu Meijun (Ting Ge) was also nominated for the Golden Horse for the first time, and Lin Jiaxin (Ting Ge) was particularly connected with Taichung. Four years ago ( 2004) The Golden Horse Awards were held in Taichung for the first time, and Lin Jiaxin was the Golden Horse Ambassador that year. It seems that Taichung is indeed a lucky city for Lin Jiaxin, making her nominated for the Golden Horse Award for Best Actress again. And the male lead finalists are all strong, Jet Li (blog), Gu Tianle (Tingge blog), Zhang Hanyu, Liao Fan will compete on the same field, it will be a wonderful tough battle. The best new actor nomination is the world of Taiwanese movies. Among them, Shigeru of "Cape No. 7" and Chie Tanaka were shortlisted at the same time to form a competitive situation in the same film, and the liar No. 2 of "? Boy" Pan Jinyu also He was successfully shortlisted in the expectation of everyone, and Jiang Shengmin will fight against the crowd with the short film "Jumping the Grid". And the singer Jay Chou (Ting Ge) was once again shortlisted for the best original movie song with the theme song "Zhou Daxia" of "Big Slam Dunk" this year. This year's outstanding Taiwanese filmmakers will also be contested by Wei Desheng, Kaneshiro Takeshi (Tingge), and Li Longyu. The judges believe that the box office of "Cape No. 7" directed by Wei Desheng this year exceeded NT$450 million, driving a new atmosphere for Taiwanese films. This year's representative of local emotional projection, his performance is worthy of encouragement. And Takeshi Kaneshiro made his fortune in Taiwan, and his performance is refined and dazzling. Now he is among the first-line male stars in the world, which can be called the light of Taiwan. In addition, Li Longyu is a senior lighting engineer in the film. He is currently working in Arong Studio. He has been fighting in Taiwanese films for a long time. He spared no effort in supporting the younger generation and inheriting the work. The statistics of some of the shortlisted awards are as follows: "The Name": (12 in total) Best Director, Best Actor, Best Feature Film, Best Visual Effects, Best Art Design, Best Styling Design, Best Action Design, Best Original Screenplay, Best Original Film Music, Best Sound Effects, Best Editing, Best Cinematography , Chie Tanaka), Best Supporting Actor, Best Original Movie Song, Best Sound, Best Cinematography, Outstanding Taiwanese Film of the Year "Assembly": (6 items in total) Best Feature Film, Best Actor, Best Actor Best Adapted Screenplay, Best Action Design, Best Visual Effects, Best Sound Effects "Half Sea, Half Fire": (5 items in total) Best Actor, Best Actress, Best Drama, Best Art Design, Best Cinematography "Chibi": (4 items in total) Best Supporting Actor, Best Visual Effects, Best Styling Design, Best Art Design "? Boy": (4 items in total) Best New Actor, Best Supporting Actress , Best Original Screenplay, Best Feature Film "Bad Things": (4 items in total) Best Supporting Actor, Best Adapted Screenplay, Best Styling Design, Best Director