Bao Ge is on the scene: William Hill wins and loses at a high position. Blackburn is difficult to win at home. In this Saturday issue of "Football 310", the author has made statistics on the league performance of the UEFA Cup teams after the first round of the UEFA Cup, and found that : 1. The league performance is closely related to the UEFA Cup record. The winning team in the UEFA Cup during the week has 15 wins, 6 draws and 2 losses in the weekend league, and rarely loses. The team draws or loses in the middle of the week. The team has 11 wins, 3 draws and 6 losses on the weekend. 2. The Bundesliga team has 7 wins, 1 draw and 3 losses, including 3 home wins, 7 Serie A wins, 3 draws and 1 loss, La Liga 8 wins, 1 draw and 1 loss, and rarely loses, and the Premier League has 4 wins, 4 draws and 3 losses. , Among them, the 07/08 season has no wins, which is the most affected; 3. The UEFA Cup teams met in the league, and the home team won 3 wins, 1 draw and 1 loss. For more exciting content, please buy this issue of "Football 310" Saturday issue, available on newsstands nationwide! 1. Black VS Fulham recommendation: 01 Black has lost to West Ham and Arsenal in the past two consecutive league rounds, and both scored 4 goals, and there are some problems in defense; while Fulham has won two consecutive league games, and among the opponents defeated Also includes Arsenal. In this case, Bo this company raised the odds combination of two, three and three, and the main win was around 2.00. Judging from the changes in odds, many companies such as Weide and bet365 have raised the main win early, while lowering the draw or guest win. This change has swept over half of the gaming market, and the balance of victory is skewed towards the away team. When William Hill adjusted the payout ratio, the main winning payout, which was already at a high level, was further raised, currently at a high 2.10. According to previous experience, Black's chance of winning is greatly reduced; Ladbrokes adjusted it to a weird combination of 2.10 3.40 3.40 , In the case of equal value of draw and customer win, usually the chance of customer win is greater than a draw. Under the same odds adjusted by bet365, the Premier League home team has 1 win, 1 draw and 3 losses. Combined with William's initial set, the Premier League home team has 9 wins, 16 draws and 14 losses, the visiting team has a higher chance of being unbeaten, and the performance of SSP's lowering of flat losses. The football lottery first choice is 0, and the second choice is 1. 2. Liverpool VS Stoke recommendation: In the Champions League in 3 weeks, Liverpool successfully reversed their opponents and got a good start when they conceded a goal. In the league, they also achieved 3 wins and 1 draw. , Under such a good state, the home field may not be upset. From the perspective of the odds, the main win pay is around 1.20, and the main win pay of William Hill and Ladbrokes is the same as the average. When the pay rate is increased, the main win pay remains unchanged at 1.20, while the equal pay and the guest win are raised. Compensation; when the odds were adjusted, the main winning compensation dropped from the original 1.18 to the current 1.14, and the level compensation and the guest winning compensation were raised to varying degrees, which were all manifestations of controlling the compensation risk of Liverpool winning the game. Judging from the handicap, the home team of the Premier League has scored 3 points in the two-goal set, and it is difficult for the visiting team to score a goal. Football Lottery. Consider scoring combinations in which the away team does not score. 3. Tottenham VS Wigan Recommendation: 3 In the UEFA Cup this week, Tottenham won 2-1 in Krakow, Poland, and won the first official game of the new season, which will help restore the confidence of the players Heart, you must know that in their pre-season warm-up games, they have defeated their opponents by large scores many times, and their strength is still very strong. Judging from the handicap, Aocai's initial set is one goal, and it is currently half a bet. It seems that the home team has insufficient ability to pass the ball, but when the market opened like this before, the Premier League home team scored 3 points. Judging from the odds, the main win is around 1.68. Due to the poor performance of Tottenham in the early stage, a lot of money has been invested in the draw and the guest wins. In order to control the risk and balance the betting, the bookmaker has raised the main win. When William Hill raised the odds, it also raised the home win and the guest win, and the flat pay remained unchanged at 3.40. Under the same odds, the Premier League home team has 1 win, 1 draw and 1 loss, with no obvious tendency. The Ladbrokes adjustment is similar, but under the same odds after adjustment, the home team scored 3 points in both Premier League games. This game is still a single 3 for courage. 4. West Ham VS Newcastle recommendation: 31 Both coaches left get out of class early, but West Ham invited Chelsea legend Zola as the new coach, while Newcastle was still in chaos. Therefore, in the comparison between the two, the bookmakers offer more odds combinations of one-three-three or two-three-three, and La Boo’s main win pays 1.91 and William’s main win pays 2.00 (also 1.91 before adjustment), both of which are in the lower middle range. Position, are optimistic about the home game of West Ham. Judging from the changes in odds, many companies, including bwiin and Nike, have continued to lower the main winning payout to control the payout risk of West Ham winning the game. The same odds adjusted by bwin have appeared twice in the Premier League, with the home team winning by two goals. However, when William Hill adjusted the odds, all three odds were improved, and they did not care about the risk of West Ham winning; under the same odds after adjustment, the Premier League home team had 5 draws and 1 loss, and there was no main victory. Play it out, and let the plan to prepare single 3 for gallbladder go to waste. For the sake of insurance, football lottery is better to check 13, the current Newcastle has no possibility of a guest victory. 5. Bolton VS Arsenal Recommendation: In the Champions League group stage in mid-week 2001, Arsenal almost lost the away game. After conceding a goal first, it was difficult to equalize at the last moment. Returning to the league at the weekend, the away game challenged the tough opponent Bolton, and there was no full certainty of winning, although the strength of the opponent Bolton has declined. Judging from the handicap, Aocai initially set the guest handicap in the hemisphere, but at present, the guest handicap is half and one betting. When the market opened like this before, the Premier League visiting team had 4 wins, 1 draw and 2 losses. It seems that the main win is more unpopular than a draw. But from the odds point of view, Ladbrokes, William Hill and other companies pay more than 6.00 for the main win, and the bookmaker does not seem to be worried about the risk of the home team winning the game. From the perspective of the change in odds, bwin and others continue to lower the guest win payout, intending to control the payout risk of the strong team winning. The decrease shows that the bookmaker is more worried about the compensation for the draw between the two teams. Derby and AOC have both lowered their flat losses. The British local company bet365 has not made any adjustments. Under the same odds, the Premier League home team has 1 win and 1 draw, so they doubt that Arsenal may not win. Comprehensive consideration, in the case of limited funds, temporarily consider 10. 6, West Brom VS Villa recommendation: 0 This is a Birmingham area derby. Villa played in the UEFA Cup in midweek, beating Bulgaria's Letex 3-1 away. From the past confrontation, West Brom has 4 draws and 2 losses, with more draws. But judging from the handicap, the initial market and the betting market of Aocai are all away. When the last round opened like this, Everton defeated Stoke 3-2 away. From the point of view of the odds, the gaming company offers more odds combinations of three, three and two, and the customer win is the lowest item; from the perspective of the change in the odds, the bookmaker raises the main win and peace, while lowers the guest win. The balance is in favor of the visiting team. When William Hill increased the payout ratio, the main win and peace pay were adjusted to 2.90 and 3.30 respectively, with an increase of more than 0.20, and the customer win remained unchanged at 2.40. The intention to control the risk of customer wins was obvious. After the adjustment of several British companies such as betfred and Coral, the average compensation is a high value of 3.40, which is not optimistic about the draw between the two teams. Bold Blog Wins. 7. Chelsea VS Manchester United recommendation: 31 weeks of the Champions League, the performance of the two teams is very different, Chelsea beat the Ligue 1 powerhouse Bordeaux 4-0 at home, and Manchester United was tied 0-0 by Villali at home, but for Manchester United, the biggest The good thing is that C Luo's return in the middle of the week will greatly improve the team's offensive ability. You must know that in the previous 6 official games, they only scored 4 pitiful goals, which is far from the terrifying attacking ability of last season. do not. From the point of view of the odds, the bookmakers offer more odds combinations of two, three and three, but after the Champions League in the middle of the week, the bookmakers made more adjustments, lowering the main win or equal pay, and raising the guest win pay became their The best option as there is now a huge amount of betting money going to the main winner. When William Hill increased the payout ratio, the average of the main win and the loss remained unchanged, and the guest win rose from 3.00 to the current 3.60, an increase of as much as 0.60, which basically ruled out the possibility of Manchester United winning away games. Manchester United have not won on this ground in the previous 6 seasons, and the possibility of rewriting history this time is not great. Football Lottery still go 31.