Studying abroad: I was very worried after the calculus exam with an Australian teacher called brotherhood. In China, calculus is a knowledge only learned in college. Math teacher Mark Kensey smiled and encouraged me, saying that I worked hard and could not fail. I asked him what if I really failed. He lowered his voice and said viciously in my ear: "If you fail, I will secretly call you to the office and stab you to death with a mechanical pencil!" "Yes, Mr. Markkensey" I've hated math since high school. At first, the reason was very simple, because I asked a very ignorant question at the end of the first math class in junior high school: "Are all negative numbers on the left side of the number line?" The teacher answered my question seriously, and finally added I said, "Why don't you even know this!" After that, every time I encountered a math problem, I didn't dare to ask again, and I didn't bother to ask any more. I thought angrily: Can anyone who has not been able to do mathematics since ancient times be able to stand up to the sky? The more questions I had in math and the worse my grades, the more I hated math, the less willing I was to ask, and even had serious psychological problems. During the exam, all the things that I would know are gone, and my mind is blank. Before coming to Australia, I heard that mathematics abroad is very simple, you can do it without learning it. I was very excited and thought to myself: I can finally turn the salted fish over. When I first entered a high school in Melbourne, Australia for grade 11 (equivalent to the second year of high school in China), the school arranged special courses to help us international students adapt to the new life. We have to learn not only English, but also Australian customs, geography, and mathematics. Mathematics in grade 11 is divided into basic mathematics, simple mathematics and extended mathematics from easy to difficult. Most universities need the scores of basic mathematics. The teacher of elementary mathematics was Mr. Mark Kensey, who was serious and slightly bald. When he asked the class, "Do you understand this question?" we had to answer in a loud and neat manner: "Yes, Mr. Markkensey." Ask again, until the answer is loud and clear. The prelude to the make-up exam? I came to school 3 weeks late due to visa issues. The first math class I took was factoring, so it wasn't a problem, but when Mark Kensey asked me to answer a question, I always stuttered because I didn't even know how to add, subtract, multiply and divide in English, fractions, The root number doesn't know what to say. After a few classes, Mark Kensey announced that there was an upcoming exam, which made me extremely nervous. On the day of the exam, I walked into the exam room with the calculator I just bought. Each long table sits two people facing each other to avoid cheating. I was very flustered. In the first half, I couldn't read my notes or use a calculator. My answer went smoothly. But in the second half, I had a big problem. The numbers given in the question are so large that I don't even know how to use a calculator (Australia's math calculators are multifunctional and can draw graphs of functions, etc.), let alone use it to figure out the answer. There is also the application questions, I can't even read the questions (the dictionary is not allowed to look up during the exam). I was so devastated until the end of the exam. Sure enough, Mark Kensey told me to make up the exam. I started preparing for my first make-up exam in a foreign country, and I wonder if this will be just a prelude to my make-up exam in Australia. Mark Kensey is a tutor in the foreign student dormitory. Every Tuesday night, he comes to help us with math problems and math language problems. A week before the make-up exam, he always chased after me and asked me if I had any questions. I felt ashamed and started to hate him. Later, with the encouragement of my parents, I realized that what I needed was an interest in mathematics, and coming to Australia gave me a chance. I seriously corrected the wrong question and asked Mark Kensey to explain it for me. With our joint efforts, I successfully passed the make-up exam. "Poke you to death with a mechanical pencil" One day, when he was giving me a question, Mark Kensey said that a calculator must be used to do this kind of question. Then, he picked up my calculator, gave it a sharp kiss, and said, "I love calculators." I hurriedly grabbed the calculator and wiped it with a tissue for a long time. He laughed and asked me why I was wiping. I didn't even think about it and said, "It's not good for a 100 yuan thing to get dirty." As soon as I said it, I realized that something was wrong. How dare you say such a thing? Unexpectedly, Mark Kensey laughed: "It seems that you love calculators more than me!" After that, I gradually discovered that Mark Kensey is a very interesting teacher, his students are his friends, and his seriousness is just pretending . He seriously asked me how to pronounce my name in Chinese. Every time I called me in class, he would not call me Shan like other teachers, but awkwardly call me Guan Shan by my full name. After the calculus exam was over, I was very worried. In China, calculus is a knowledge only learned in college. Mark Kensey smiled and encouraged me, saying that I worked hard and could not fail. I asked him what if I really failed. He lowered his voice and said viciously in my ear: "If you fail, I will secretly call you to the office and stab you to death with a mechanical pencil!" It turned out that Mark Kensey was right, my grades were good . In Australia, the old horse turned me, who had always been hostile to math teachers and often handed blank papers, into an A in math.