Li Jia: Opening a restaurant as a star and opening a restaurant allowed her to be "anti-customer-oriented" on the road to becoming an actress - unlike many celebrities who first became famous and then started their own businesses, Li Jia? Before becoming famous, she paved a red carpet to become a good actor. Text? "Xiaokang · Caizhi" reporter Chao Shanshan Tips: Li Jia? Small file: Stage name: Li Jia? Former name: Li Lin Birthday: August 4 Constellation: Leo Birthplace: Wuhan Weight: 46kg Height: 1.63m Graduated Department : Leisure that the Performance Department of Shanghai Theater Academy likes: shopping, playing ball, traveling Dreams: not only an actor, but also a successful industrialist. The gentle and graceful Du Bingyan came out of "The Wrong Sedan chair and married a man". fish boss. Li Jia? has a temperament similar to Du Bingyan - knowledgeable, gentle, modest... But she also has another skill that Du Bingyan can't think of, that is - running a restaurant. Became a "waiter" at the age of 15, Li Jia? often said: "I don't know why, but I like the service industry very much, because I think I have this ability, especially as a restaurant waiter." In Li Jia?'s eyes, an excellent waiter It's not just serving dishes and washing dishes, or serving guests to order food, cups of tea and so on. The quality of the waiter is multi-faceted: "Only by looking at Liulu can you feel what the guests really need, including when selling dishes, which involves the knowledge of sales. In fact, the waiter is a very high degree of knowledge, I think If I hadn't been an actor, I must have been a very good waiter." There is a reason why Li Jia never hides his talent as a waiter - Li Jia, who was born in Wuhan, Hubei, has been running restaurants since he was a child. Because my father is a master of cooking, in addition to showing his cooking skills in three meals a day, his own restaurant is also his stage. Li Jia?'s father often used his imagination to innovate dishes based on local Hubei dishes, and his family's Hubei home cooking restaurant was also successful because of the frequent introduction of novel specialties. As a child, as soon as school was over, Li Jia would help out as a waiter in his own restaurant. The family dining room also became a feature because of the presence of a young, bright and beautiful little girl. Many customers came to the restaurant for Li Jia?, and some customers even asked Li Jia?'s father, "Where did this kid come from? He speaks Mandarin so well?" If there is a problem, the guest is ready to complain angrily. No one expected that the restaurant's mistake was solved perfectly by 15-year-old Li Jia?: "I communicated with them as a friend, changed the dishes for them, apologized, and after several negotiations, they still returned. I became friends. After that, the group of guests came to my house for a week. Maybe the confidence of being a waiter was cultivated from there.” 100,000 yuan invested in the first restaurant in 2000, in the performance department of Shanghai Theater Academy Li Jia, who is in his third year, borrowed 100,000 yuan from his family and opened his first restaurant in Shanghai, "Spicy Fish in Shu Di", selling Hubei and Sichuan cuisine. In this way, Li Jia started his own restaurant. boss. Li Jia? is a person with a sense of urgency: "Acting is a very passive profession. At that time, I mainly wanted to be unwilling to be chosen by others after graduation, so I should have a foundation to settle down first. In this way, I don't need any scripts. I've already picked them up, and on top of that, it's possible to choose a good script." Opening a restaurant allowed her to "reverse customers" on the road to becoming an actress. Unlike many celebrities who first became famous and then started their own businesses, Li Jia? A red carpet to good actors. In this way, in a small room of 50 square meters, Li Jia became a part-time running boss. "When I was in college, Ren Quan, who had just graduated, once ate the spicy fish made by our family and thought it was very good, so he decided to open a restaurant with me." Ren Quan, who had always wanted to open a restaurant, became Li Jia's partner, and he In this way, it started from a small restaurant of 50 square meters, and in two years, it developed into a large restaurant with four floors. In order to make the restaurant show its characteristics, Li Jia also took great pains to decorate. Because there was no sufficient financial backing, she came up with a quaint and original decoration style: "In order to save money, we brushed the white walls, which looked very rough and had a sense of loopholes; we made custom-made tables and chairs. , is also a simple wood, looks very simple; although only fifty square meters, the restaurant looks very open and primitive, and has a unique style, in fact, it is very cheap." This style has also been favored by the guests, until now, Li Jia?'s first Sichuan spicy fish still maintains its old appearance. Li Jia's spicy fish is different from the boiled fish in the north. After eating the fish, the soup can also be drunk, and the taste is not inferior to the fish. This is also a feature in Shanghai, where there are many local dishes: "At that time, 'spicy fish' was a signature dish. Because I am from Hubei, the restaurant mainly deals in Hubei cuisine, and there are also some Sichuan dishes." In order to save money, Li Jia ? Started his own business again - as a waiter. Wearing the clothes of a waiter and letting customers order in advance while waiting for a seat, Li Jia?'s thought and enthusiasm became a good medicine for the guests to send bored waiting: "I ran to the store after class, and the customers also I don't know I'm the boss. Once when I wasn't there, a customer asked other waiters, where is that pretty girl? Our waiter said, that's our boss. The guests were very surprised." In order to help the restaurant conveniently, Li Jia lived in a hut next to the toilet on the second floor of the restaurant, and handled reception every day to greet guests. 8 branch stores turned into a chain of restaurants Li Jia? As soon as the restaurant opened, in addition to many regular customers in the store, there were also her classmates and friends in the circle. Because of its unique taste, high quality and low price, the reputation of spicy fish spread rapidly in Shanghai. Li Jia? said: "I opened a total of 8 stores in Shanghai at the most." Since the first store, Li Jia? Loss: "The main thing is to think of yourself as a customer and start from their point of view. It was profitable in the first month, but it was relatively small. Of course, it became more and more later. After half a year, almost all of them were profitable. The market is full." When it was a 50-square-meter shop, the per capita consumption of spicy fish in Shu was around 30 yuan. Since the newly opened restaurant is still creating a brand and trying to keep customers, the price is relatively low in Shanghai. Two years later, Li Jia opened the first branch of Shudi Spicy Fish in Shanghai. The scale of this store was larger than that of the first store, and this time Li Jia did not have a "loan", it was the first one. store profitability. Li Jia? said: "The main thing to open a restaurant is to think about customers. I think humanized service is the most important, including the taste of the dishes, the hygiene of the restaurant, the attitude of the waiters and many other aspects." Now Li Jia?'s restaurant is aimed at white-collar workers , petty bourgeoisie, the per capita consumption is about 100 yuan, but now the small dishes have become big dishes, and the small shops have become chains. Li Jia? said frankly: "In fact, our store's popularity is not because of star effect, but because we start from the customer's point of view. For example, many customers like the style of our store, while others are interested in our store's high quality and low price, and feel that the price It's suitable, not because of me or Ren Quan." The "star effect" is a good thing to a large extent, but the disadvantages are also magnified invisibly. For example, customers will have greater expectations of you and will be more critical of you. What's more, even fans cannot blindly accommodate their wallets and stomachs for a certain star they like. 2 regrets that investment cannot be rushed. For Li Jia?, opening a restaurant is not all smooth sailing. In her "restaurant owner" career, there are two regrets. The first is the "Sichuan-Guangdong Era" in which the operation failed. In 2007, Li Jia opened the branch of Sichuan Spicy Fish in Shanghai as "Sichuan-Guangdong Times", mainly dealing in Sichuan and Cantonese dishes. Due to too much investment and no use of the "Shu Di" that has already created a brand, the restaurant was in trouble for a time: "At that time, we did a bit of a 'golden armor' and opened it to more than 3,000 square meters. Because we did everything before. It is a mid-range consumer, facing the white-collar class. After suddenly becoming a high-end consumer, it was a bit excessive, very uncomfortable, and caused losses." Li Jia said: "The previous 'Shu land' were all well managed. Very good, unless the restaurant is demolished and the rent expires, there is no one that can't continue to operate. I think this time can be regarded as a failure of my business, and it is also the biggest difficulty I have encountered since opening the restaurant." Li Jia? A measured and very intelligent actress. She never hides her mistakes, and she never sees tough problems as irreversible results. "The Sichuan-Guangdong era" is not a bad thing in Li Jia's opinion: "This is just an investment experience, and this experience is the future wealth." Li Jia said. The second is the failure to open a branch of Shudi Spicy Fish in Beijing. Li Jia? In fact, he did not have too many plans and grand plans for opening a restaurant. He just took a step by step, and continued step by step if he did well. If he encountered difficulties, he would solve it layer by layer. Opening the branch of Shudi Spicy Fish in Beijing was Li Jia's idea all along. In 2008, Li Jia originally planned to open a branch in Beijing, but because the filming was too intense at that time, and there was no time and experience to operate the new store, the matter was temporarily put on hold, Li Jia said: "Actually, I was optimistic about the place. But later, because I was too busy with work, I reluctantly gave up my love. When I saw a good script, I usually went to film it. Because I like the profession of an actor, I still take filming very important. So the restaurant will maintain the current scale and put them If the business is good, if I have time and opportunities in the future, I will open a store in Beijing." The bull market in the first few years of the 5600-point investment made Li Jia? a little unbearable, but Li Jia?'s father has always opposed her investing in stocks , because he felt it was a difficult and risky investment. When seeing friends sharing the happy results of China's economic development, Li Jia? came up with a financial product that can pass in front of his father and share the returns of the stock market, that is, a fund. Li Jia, who has a little understanding of financial management? Knows that even if a fund that is an expert in financial management loses money, it should be much better than ordinary investors who have no financial management experience and foundation. So at 5600, Li Jia insisted on buying the fund. "It didn't take long after I bought it, and it fell by more than 2,000 points." Li Jia said with a helpless smile: "Actually, I am not very sensitive to stocks and funds, and I don't know much about the financial market. The most important thing is I still don’t have the energy to operate, which is why I have the current results. I think if I can calm down and learn and operate, I should be fine.” As for what she likes and wants to do, Li Jia will rely on it. Drill down thoroughly with your own opinion. Most of the time is spent on filming, followed by running restaurants, Li Jia? said: "If I always listen to other people's voices in the financial market, it will affect my judgment, so I will definitely not blindly do other things now. I invested it." Having invested all the money she earned from acting in the restaurant, Li Jia? said, "I would like to turn to production in the future and become a producer myself, but it will take some time, and my main job is still In the position of an actor." Secret: The secret of Li Jia's success Among many stars who invest in the industry, Li Jia? can definitely be regarded as a special one. Now, star bars, star clothing, star restaurants, etc. are in an endless stream in the streets of Beijing and Shanghai. Some have been prosperous for a few days with the help of the "star effect", and some have been out of fresh scenery for a while. Li Jia's "Spicy Fish in Shu Di" has been in business for 9 years, and has developed into 8 chains in Shanghai alone, even surpassing Li Jia's own income as an actor. Among the many stars in China, I am afraid it is rare. From the whole process of Li Jia's entrepreneurial operation, we can see that there are reasons for her success. NO1 Turning expertise into expertise Writer Shi Yue (author of "Things in the Ming Dynasty") said in an interview: "People should never do things they don't understand." Li Jia? Opening a restaurant can be said to be familiar to running a restaurant. It can be seen from the successful solution of the problems in the store when she was 15 years old: Li Jia is very good at running restaurants. When she arrived in Shanghai, she did not choose Shanghai local dishes, but chose Hubei dishes that she was good at, bringing the flavors of Hubei to Shanghai, and turning her specialties into specialties. NO2 Turning "insufficient" into a feature Li Jia, who just started his business? Due to insufficient funds, he could not invite experts in the scale, decoration, design, recipes, etc. of the store, so he could only do it himself. It is because of this that she brought the preferences of the people around her that she knew to her restaurant, solved all the problems lightly, and turned this "deficiency" into a feature. NO3 Play with a light-hearted bearing. If the average person fails to invest, it is likely to be difficult to rally the team, and Li Jia will be able to laugh it off. The lessons of the "Sichuan-Guangdong era" were not very damaging to her, but in her opinion it was a learning. So investing must have an open-minded good attitude. NO4 A good relationship is a live advertisement. As Li Jia said, you must be a person before you become an actor. Only when you are a good person can you perform well. The same is true for investing in the industry. Because of Li Jia's popularity in the circle, many of her friends have become her regulars, and it has become a live advertisement once it is passed on ten or ten times. Chat room: Dialogue with Li Jia? "Xiaokang·Caizhi": How do you view filming work? Li Jia?: I like filming very, very much, and I think I am very suitable to be an actor. When I was a child, I liked the state of actors acting, and now I regard it as a sense of accomplishment: the sense of accomplishment is indescribable when I finish a work. "Xiaokang·Caizhi": Is there anything particularly unforgettable in your acting experience? Li Jia?: In the process of filming, sometimes it was very hard, I think it was something that made me particularly uncomfortable. I remember when I was filming the TV series "Slimming Men and Women" with Tong Dawei, the experience was unforgettable for me. It was August, the weather was very hot, and I had to put on makeup from 12 o'clock in the evening until 6 o'clock in the morning. During this process, I can't move at all, because my face and body have to be fat. When I was filming, I couldn't turn on the air conditioner, I couldn't eat, I could only drink water. At that time, I felt like I was dead, as if I had to have a "120" every day and I had to keep it there. My dad almost rented a freezer for me back then, and the feeling was indescribable - so painful. "Xiaokang·Caizhi": Will this pain affect the shaping of the characters? Li Jia?: I don't think there is a problem in shaping the character, and I have a good grasp of it. The most important thing is that some of the hardships of acting are very tolerable. "Xiaokang·Caizhi": Does this hard work have any impact on work and life? Li Jia?: I separate work and life. But a person's living conditions can greatly affect his work. Everyone's perception of accepting a thing is different, especially as an actor, only when you are a good person can you know how to play a role. "Xiaokang · Caizhi": What hobbies do you usually have? Li Jia?: I used to like to play golf. Now I feel that if I have time and don't want to do anything, I just want to lie down on the beach, relax my body and mind, and don't want to do anything else.