Record: Zhang Yu, Amulon and Wang Rui were guests to talk about the new film "Eighty One" Sina Entertainment News The youth idol film "Eighty One" directed by well-known actor Zhang Yu for the first time will be released nationwide in September. The film is starring young actress Wang Likun (blog), 07 "Fast Boy" Amulon (Dingge blog) and 07 "Good Boy (blog)" Wang Rui (blog). At 13:00 on September 3, Zhang Yu will bring the two leading actors of the film, Amulon and Wang Rui, to Sina to share the filming story with netizens. The following is the transcript of this chat: Director Zhang Yu is involved in the creative source of youth idol theme "Lushan Love" complex Sina netizens, hello everyone! Moderator Zhao Ning (blog): Welcome to Sina netizens, I am the moderator Zhao Ning. I know that young friends nowadays like to play a game very much, we call it "Sudoku", and it also has another name, "Eighty-one Grid", but such a game is about to become the name of a movie, and it will be called "Sudoku". The thrilling and suspenseful part is shown on the big screen, and it will be released nationwide on September 11. Today, we are very fortunate to invite a few main creators to meet you. Sitting in the middle is the well-known actor Zhang Yu, who is very familiar to everyone. This is her first independent youth idol film. Welcome, should you please introduce us to these two men? A young lover? (laughs) Zhang Yu: This is the male lead in our play. My name is Amulon, and everyone is familiar with it. The role of Chen Mo is played in the play. This is Wang Rui, who plays a character named Lin Haijun in the play. This character also has special characteristics. Let them introduce them for a while. Moderator Zhao Ning: What did I just introduce right? director? Zhang Yu: Yes. Host Zhao Ning: Because this is the first film you directed, in fact, everyone has a lot of guesses. What kind of theme will the first film meet with you? But you chose a story that made a lot of people feel a bit underwhelming. The source of your original idea? Zhang Yu: In fact, my original source of creation may also be related to my filming of "Lushan Love" in the 1980s. There is a youthful plot in it. This is one reason. Second, many of my Internet fans and movie fans are also very young. , This is also called breaking the glasses. There are college students who are teaching, some white-collar workers who have just worked, and some people who are the same as our contemporaries. They have some very strong wishes, saying that after I returned to the big screen after filming in 2005, I kept saying that you have filmed a lot of people's scenes, why not film the lives of our young people? I don’t know, I don’t know, once I entered, I really felt that their lives were very attractive and full of content, which was different from what we used to know. In the past, we always thought that they must be like this. Look at them from the perspective of our generation. Well, I think these children have a lot of problems, because they are a child, they are a bit spoiled, this and that, all derogatory words are given to them like a trash can (laughs) But in some places they are better than us Compared with these people, we are still relatively secretive and reserved, perhaps because we are sophisticated (laughs) Zhao Ning, the host: We have targeted such a group. Zhang Yu: Yes. Moderator Zhao Ning: But does the "Sudoku" game come from the fact that you are a "Sudoku" master? (laughs) Zhang Yu: No, because the screenwriter and I want to have something to say in the sense of the story. In addition, it needs to be unique in form, because you are afraid of writing badly when you write about campus life. To be honest, it would be like Korean dramas, Japanese dramas and other dramas are not good-looking. I think that our domestic college students seem to write very few good-looking themes, so I said that we must find a good-looking form, and they chose the eighty-one Sudoku form. That is, what should they do after graduation, various tests and so on make them do not know what to do. How to do it? When a company arrives, it adopts the game of "Sudoku", conducts a large number of eliminations, and then selects three players, two of whom are top students, both of them are very amazing, with very high IQs, and IQ and Q are very high ( Laughs) And then there's a girl, girl, three of them entered the final, and let themselves find the answer in the eighty-one squares. Amulon and Wang Rui played the top students in the film for the first time and confessed their lack of confidence. Host Zhao Ning: We are going to let our two top students introduce your stories. Amulon will come first. Amulon: First of all, the top students don't dare to be (laughs) What do you say? Actually, I think it's because the name of the character I played in the play was Chen Mo. Moderator Zhao Ning: Are you really silent? (laughs) Amulon: Some, yes (laughs) and I usually speak Mandarin, which is not a very standard. Speak Mongolian. So faced with such a role, my heart is empty, and I have no confidence in myself. So in the end, it was with the help of the entire director, as well as some other Wang Rui and Li Kun. Moderator Zhao Ning: How did you help? Amulon: Because I was relatively unfamiliar at the beginning, I talked less with each other, and I knew less about each other, so I couldn't let go. In fact, I arrived at the scene as soon as I got off the plane from Beijing to Shanghai that day. They told me to call and I would call. They said that if you wanted to fall, I would fall. I didn't feel anything. Then I went back and took pictures without knowing what I was doing. So in the end, I spent a long time with them, and I gradually felt that we were a big family, so it was easy to find a tacit understanding with each other, for example. Moderator Zhao Ning: It was the first time for Amulon to enter the set for the first time. What was your opinion of the director at that time? What was he shouting at that time, or how was that state? Zhang Yu: Let me introduce you. It's the first time for both of them. They have never been in contact with film and television. I believe that it may be a little nervous to enter that state for the first time. Zhang Yu chooses newcomers to value potential Amulon, Wang Rui follows Zhang Yu to shoot middle school experience Host Zhao Ning: Because the director himself has so many years of rich actor experience and understands it very well, how could he choose these two boys who have no acting experience to come here starring? Zhang Yu: At that time, our play itself was positioned in college students, and the age of college students was limited. I also learned some lessons. Some movies were well done, but the actors were older than the characters, so that the audience, including them Work hard yourself. I think in our play we should choose some actors who are more in line with the character's sense of age. Under such circumstances, it is difficult to find mature and well-known actors, so I took a good "scan", and I found that these children are all available, and I have chosen them for a long time. In the end, I decided first. In fact, Wang Rui decided first, and then I decided Amulon. I think Amulon fits this role very well. In many aspects, he is cute and similar to this character. He is more introverted and so on. Wait. Then, it is very important that there are some things in this scene that require him to play the guitar. He himself has such a foundation. Including Wang Rui, even if they have not participated in film and television, I believe that they have enough training on the stage, so they do not have stage fright, but they have no concept or understanding of film and television. For example, I often say about him. I don’t think Amulon will be angry. I said that he doesn’t understand the concept of film and television. He doesn’t understand when he enters the picture, and he doesn’t understand when he enters the picture (laughs). He doesn’t understand why he calls like that, slow. Slowly watching us on the monitor, I said why your performance is like this, because of this, he slowly understood, I think this is a learning process. Moderator Zhao Ning: How long did Amulon find his status? Did he play the guitar to help you find his status? Amulon: In fact, it was almost a week after I joined the crew on the first day. In fact, I didn't have many night scenes at that time, so I went back to Teacher Zhang in the evening and told them something about how to read the script, or how to Knowing this character, I have some time to watch other movies. Zhang Yu: Did you like watching cartoons very much before? Amulon: Yes, I liked to watch it when I was a child, but after finishing it, there are some things in the middle that I still feel that I can't let go. Moderator Zhao Ning: Excuse me? Amulon: Because of such a big screen, every little detail can be seen, so I was nervous. Zhang Yu: Let me tell you, Wang Rui, have you seen the whole film? Wang Rui: I have seen it. Zhang Yu: Have you read all of them? Wang Rui: Not yet. Zhang Yu: We will hold a press conference on the 4th. I hope you two will go and have a look and see how you feel. Don't faint on the spot (laughs). You will be happy. Moderator Zhao Ning: I will see some of the things I got during this time. What about Wang Rui, compared to Amulon, what kind of psychological process did you go through? Wang Rui: I collaborated with Mr. Zhang Yu on this film because I had taken some small things before. In fact, Mr. Zhang Yu just said that I had made a reservation before, because I had a photo of a bad smile, just for people It feels a little worse, and then in the play, the character Lin Haijun can't actually be bad, he can only say that he is a little clever, such a person. So after seeing the photo, Mr. Zhang Yu said that this smirk was him (laughs) and then during the filming, Mr. Zhang Yu kept telling me to show your smirk (laughs) Host Zhao Ning: Can you give us a bad smile now and see what it feels like (laughs) Wang Rui: A bad smile is just a smile on the corner of the mouth. (Wang Rui makes a bad smile) Zhao Ning, the host: How did you feel when you joined the crew for the first time? Wang Rui: Because the first scene was actually faceless (laughs). At that point, it seemed like I fainted on the ground, and then I had to turn my back. It was said that I had an opposite scene with the heroine, and then I shot it. It was only when I realized I was lying there that I had no face yet (laughs), so I finally showed my face in the second scene. After the filming, I told everyone that I finally showed my face (laughs) Host Zhao Ning: But the whole thing Look, I think Wang Rui's state needs to be relaxed. Zhang Yu: The two of them are different, that is, they enter the state, and the state of entering the play is different. Moderator Zhao Ning: I heard that these two brothers are on the set, and there is often a bit of competition inside and outside the scene (laughs) Zhang Yu: I think they are pretty good. We have monitors, and they will finish watching by then. The first thought was to hurry up to the monitor and show me the replay. After watching it, hey, that's fine, why don't we do it again (laughs) In fact, for young actors in the process of filming, we also This batch of budget is entered, but the proportion of consumption is a little higher (laughs). After each reading, the second trimming will be significantly improved. Moderator Zhao Ning: You are really lucky to meet Mr. Zhang Yu, such a good director who has a good temper and understands the inner workings of actors. Amulon: Learned a lot. Wang Rui: Yes, I think Teacher Zhang Yu will give us a lot of inspiration in the performance, because she is a very good actor, and there will be a lot of performance processing for us new actors.