The ESWC Asia Masters of Cheonan will be held for the first time in Cheonan, South Korea. The ESWC Organizing Committee will co-host the ESWC Asia Masters of Cheonan with Cheonan, South Korea. The ESWC Asia Masters will be held for the first time in Cheonan, South Korea. From May 2nd to 5th, 2009, the first ESWC Asian Masters Cup will be held in the "2009 Tianan International e-Sports Cultural Festival". The competition items include: Counter Strike 1.6, Warcraft, Specail Force, FIFA ONLINE2, StarCraft 5 The total award amount of the project is about 100,000 US dollars. The cooperation between the ESWC Organizing Committee and Cheonan City, South Korea was officially released on March 5, 2009 through the "2009 Cheonan International e-Sports Cultural Event Media Day", and Cheonan City will be held for the first time at the "2009 Cheonan International e-Sports Cultural Event" ESWC Asian Masters Cup. "2009 Cheonan International e-Sports Cultural Event" will be held from May 2nd to 5th, 2009 at Yoo Kwan Soon Gymnasium and Sports Complex in Cheonan, South Korea. The event will last for 4 days and will become the largest game cultural event in Yanzhou. At that time, there will also be a variety of supporting activities such as the Asian competition and employment fair of world-class ESWC events, the International Digaital Contents Conference, the Games • IT Contents exhibition, and the Come&Play festival. The ESWC Asian Masters, which was held for the first time in Cheonan, South Korea, is planned to have about 550 players from 15 countries participating this year. This event will gradually grow into a representative independent event in Asia with its large scale. . ESWC Asian Masters Cup competitions include Counter Strike 1.6, Warcraft, Special Force, FIFA ONLINE2, StarCraft. Counter-Strike 1.6, Warcraft, Special Force, FIFA ONLINE2 will follow the existing ESWC Masters Cup format. Players will register on the official website. The competition organizing committee will select 12 overseas players and 4 Korean players. into the round of 16. The StarCraft project plans to conduct qualifiers on each continent in the form of online competitions. The champions of Counter-Strike 1.6 and Warcraft will receive ESWC2009 Grand Final seeding qualifications and award tickets.