Who was the most beautiful female movie star in the Republic of China? (Photo) When it comes to the first beauty pageant in Chinese history, I have to mention Chen Dieyi. Chen Dieyi is the king of pop songs. The more famous songs "Nanping Evening Bell", "Phoenix Flying" and "Only You Without Him" are all written by him. But it is such a man who writes popular songs, but he was a newspaper manager in the early days. The tabloids during the Republic of China were also highly competitive. Chen Dieyi was an intern at the News at the age of 15, proofreading in the editorial department at the age of 20, and later gained some experience in running a newspaper. With the development of Chinese films, Chen Dieyi wondered if he could start a newspaper related to entertainment. After the birth of "Star Daily", it did not have the expected sales volume. Because of this, Chen Dieyi was still very depressed. Once, Chen Dieyi came home from get off work and was waiting for the car on the way. He heard a few people talk about who is more beautiful between Hu Die and Ruan Lingyu. This gave Chen Dieyi an inspiration. Since it is Star Daily, why not hold a beauty pageant, so that it can resonate and interact with the public? With this idea, Chen Dieyi acted immediately, and this beauty pageant was designated as "The Election Conference of the Movie Queen". This election campaign has lasted for two months. In order to stimulate readers to participate, Chen Dieyi also thought of a coup, that is, to publish the names of the voting readers and the star's votes in the daily newspaper at the same time, so that when readers read the newspaper, they will be more Concerned about the electoral process. During this period, Hu Die of Star Company, Ruan Lingyu of Lianhua Company and Chen Yumei of Tianyi Company were far ahead of other actors. In the end, Hu Die was ranked first with 21,334 votes, while Ruan Lingyu was only third. Since then, in the 1934 top ten movie star election, Hu Die was elected as the most beautiful female star, while Ruan Lingyu was selected as the best acting female star. Looking at the old photos, it is not difficult to find that the beauty of Hu Die is not higher than that of Ruan Lingyu. Ruan Lingyu herself is more beautiful than the photos. In some past movies, Ruan Lingyu's delicacy has a kind of charm, and the enchanting and sad temperament coexist. It is very confusing for men. Hu Die has a big face, and although she is dignified, she is not good-looking, even a little clumsy. Hu Die did not have the most beautiful appearance in the world, but she won the title of the most beautiful woman. What is the reason? Speaking of which, Hu Die is better at life than Ruan Lingyu. They also worked together. In the film "White Cloud Tower", director Zhang Shichuan asked Hu Die to play a decent young lady, and Ruan Lingyu to play a poor quality young lady. The reason is that the director likes Hu Die, because Hu Die is obedient and a well-known good girl, so she can act as she pleases. Ruan Lingyu always likes to play roles according to her own experience, which will inevitably lead to disputes with the director. When the director was annoyed, he was reluctant to give her a good role, and he was even reluctant to reuse her later. Ruan Lingyu was frustrated and had to switch to Lianhua Company. Although Lianhua Company also reused Ruan, this company has more new-style characters and pays more attention to the performance of the actors, rather than the entertainment of beauty pageants. Therefore, I will not buy votes for Ruan Lingyu. And the star company that Hu Die is in strongly touts Hu Die. They hold Hu Die, but also because Hu Die has a good personality. In various factional disputes, Hu Die always kept silent and did not participate in opinions. Always be considerate and friendly with people. Ruan Lingyu was more emotional. No matter what the channel, after being elected as the most beautiful female star, Hu Die will get countless benefits. At that time, some magazines and newspapers paid attention to Hu Die's every move, and analyzed Hu Die's dress from head to toe to readers, taking her as the most beautiful model. And Hu Die's wine vortex has become a standard of beauty, and her images have appeared in advertisements one after another. Even this kind of beauty continued after she went to Hong Kong, and she also used Hu Die brand thermos for her husband's business. What kind of woman is the first beauty? Is it beauty, fame, or good relationships? Let's just say that today's beauty queens Maggie Cheung, Gong Li and Zhang Ziyi, who is the real number one beauty? Even Xi Shi, Diao Chan, and Concubine Yang are just products of an era. If they are placed today, their beauty may not be overwhelming, just like Hu Die, the most beautiful woman in the Republic of China after 70 years, many People don't even know who she is anymore. But in the 1930s of the last century, Hu Die's beautiful appearance could be seen everywhere, so ostentatious, and Ruan Lingyu was just the most silent flower beside her.