Planning: Inventory of the top ten mentally ill people on the screen (Photos) Sina Entertainment News The Joker in the latest movie "The Dark Knight" has rekindled the audience's attention to the mentally ill people who appear on the screen. But the mental patient here is not in a narrow sense, you can also understand it as a lunatic and a pervert. 1. Don Logan, Ben Kingsley (Jonathan Glazer, Sexy Beast, 2000) Under Glazer's camera, Kingsley Don Logan, the London-mouthed idiot, travels to Spain to force a last-ditch robbery from Gary 'Gal' Dove (played by Ray Winstone) The sale of the bank, he did everything possible to drag the gentle Gale into the water. Sometimes even childishly, "I won't make you happy," and then insanely mad. Even if he is killed by Gale in the end, he will wait in hell for the next reincarnation to settle accounts with him. For him with a belligerent nature, death doesn't seem to matter. 2. Javier Bardem as Anton Chigurh (No Country for Old Men, Ethan Coen and Joel Coen) ). In the film, he plays a cold-blooded killing machine who grew up under threat, and when you see him flipping a coin to decide people's fate, you realize that he kills for no reason at all. Relatively speaking, the curly-haired, sports-loving villain who kills with a gun attached to a bottle of compressed air is a relatively newcomer to the on-screen psychopath, but he definitely gets high marks for his performance. 3. Dennis Hopper as Frank Booth (Blue Velvet, David Lynch, 1986) If David Lynch was weird The supreme bishop of the film, then Frank Booth is his masterpiece. He's a filthy, horribly lame man in the film. Get a glimpse of how he shuffles around on the floor, powered by helium inhalation in a medical mask, and howling "Mommy" at her abusive girlfriend. 4. Jack Torrance, played by Jack Nicholson (The Shining), Stanley Kubrick, 1980 ) The Jack Torrance in this film is normal at first, and when he takes his wife and children to a remote hotel as a temporary caretaker, people look at this ordinary American uneasy (in fact, some omen can be seen- He picked up the bottle again when he was beset by some annoying management issues) was slowly tortured by evil spirits until insanity. When he was completely insane, he slashed at the bathroom door where his terrified wife was hiding with an axe. And while poking his head, he shouted "He, he, he is Johnny!", which has become a symbol of the film.