It is easier to apply for a visa with the new policy of points and points in the United Kingdom The introduction of the regulations will greatly simplify the student visa application process. The new British visa policy is more transparent, said Sun Nan, director of the British Study Center of Australia International Education Group. The new visa application method also introduces a very important concept of guarantee. If British schools want to sponsor visa applicants to come to the UK, they must register with the UK Border Agency in advance to obtain the relevant qualifications. This means that the UK Border Agency will be working more closely with all UK sponsoring agencies to ensure that visas are issued and that visas are not abused. At the same time, it will also protect the interests of international students and prevent them from going to some dubious and illegal schools. Under this new and more transparent visa application system, if a Chinese student wants to apply for a visa, they need to do three things: First, he must obtain an offer of admission from an educational institution recognized by the UK Border Agency Second, they need to prove that they have enough financial means to afford their own life there; third, they need to leave their biometric fingerprint records at the local visa application center. Ordinary student visa and the length of the course is the same as the length of the point-based ordinary student visa will allow overseas students to live and study in the UK, and can obtain a visa of the same length as his course, so that the student will not need to re-apply in the UK visa. In addition, students can participate in corresponding internship courses if needed during their studies. They can also work part-time during their studies and full-time in the UK during holidays. Director Sun Nan also mentioned that regarding the first category of the point-based system, which is the work visa for students after graduation, the current policy allows students to enjoy a 2-year visa validity period after graduation to help students gain more work experience in the UK. Accumulate 40 points to get a visa Applicants who apply for a British ordinary student visa need to get 40 points to get a visa. Among them, 30 points are the visa letter (Visa Letter) issued by the school for the applicant to prove his study program. The visa letter should include the study information of the course the student is applying for, as well as the registration number of the sponsoring school, the student's personal information, the course fee information and the course level, etc. This part of the information is submitted to the school by the UK Border Agency, and the school will review part of the information of the applicant according to the specific situation. It is expected that later this year, the visa letter will be replaced by the admission certificate, which is applied by the school to the border agency through the network electronic system, and a unique admission certificate is issued to each student. Another 10 points are earned by students by demonstrating that they have sufficient funds to cover their tuition and living expenses. Guarantee only needs 28 days of deposit history Before going to study in the UK, the guarantee must have a 6-month deposit period. After the implementation of the point-based system, the guarantee for students who apply for a deposit only needs to have a 28-day deposit history, but one thing is Applicants must note: If the applicant is over 18 years old, the guarantee must be stored in the student's name; for students under the age of 18, the guarantee can be written in the names of parents or other guardians. The new policy implements a slightly longer visa fee. At the same time as the new visa policy is implemented, the visa fee will increase. Student visa fees will increase from £99 to £145. The increase in visa fees this time is mainly because some of the costs required in the visa processing process have increased compared to before. However, this visa fee is still worth the money for everyone. If a student applies for a visa, this visa is valid for the entire period of his study, which means that this visa is valid for 3 to 4 years, so that the student does not need to renew it in the UK. If he needs to renew his visa in the UK, they also need to follow the same points-based principle as they apply for a UK visa overseas. The cost of student visas is relatively low compared to other visa categories that apply for longer periods of time. Prepare for the first year of living expenses for admission to the UK undergraduate program. Regarding the financial guarantee for children who are most concerned about by high school students' parents, Director Sun Nan explained that although they have obtained a 3-year visa, students and parents only need to prepare The cost of living for the first year is sufficient. However, if the school requires students to provide proof that they can afford to study and live in the UK, students need to provide relevant financial certificates. Relevant procedures for transferring schools The new visa policy imposes strict restrictions on students transferring courses in the UK. If students change courses in the same school, there is no problem. However, if you want to transfer schools, you must notify the UK Border Agency and go through the relevant transfer procedures, otherwise you will face difficulties in registration, entry and exit in the future. The application materials must be authentic and credible. The implementation of the new British visa policy has made British institutions play a very important role in the entire application for studying abroad. However, it is unrealistic for UK institutions to directly review the authenticity of the information submitted by Chinese students. Therefore, institutions will achieve their goals through cooperation with authoritative and professional overseas study service agencies in China. However, this does not mean that applicants can take chances and achieve the purpose of studying abroad through special methods. According to the new regulations, if an institution or an intermediary service agency helps students cheat, once it is found out, the UK Border Agency will cancel the qualification of the institution to recruit international students, and the fraudulent agency service agency will also report to the UK Border Agency and China. relevant departments to punish them. In the future, relevant departments at home and abroad will also introduce corresponding reward and punishment systems according to the specific work situation of intermediary service agencies. Fake students will have their applications rejected by the UK Border Agency for the next 10 years.