Fountain Capital: Raised nearly 1 billion US dollars in the financial winter Shanghai Reporter Zhou Weijing In the second half of 2008, the confidence of the entire investment market seemed to have become illusory. The most famous pool in venture capital, CalPERS, also recently announced a loss of as much as $70 billion, a figure equivalent to a quarter of its size under management. During this period, it is not surprising that LP covered his purse. However, Fang Yuan Capital is an exception. In November, Fountain Capital, which was established with four members of the original Temasek investment team as the core, announced the completion of a fundraising of nearly US$1 billion, exceeding the original fundraising target. This "Fountain Capital China Growth Fund" has an investment cycle of 10 years and plans to complete 15 to 20 investments in 4 to 5 years. Fountain Capital's investment target is relatively large companies in the growth capital, with a single investment target of 50 million to 150 million US dollars. Team from Temasek Fountain Capital was founded in December 2007. Four partners, Tang Kui, Hu Yongmin, Zhuang Jian and Zhao Chenning, are all from Temasek. In the past year, Fountain Capital has attracted the first US$450 million in funding from Canada's National Pension Fund, Ontario Teachers' Pension Fund and Singapore's Temasek Holdings. The LPs that have entered in succession also include the Washington State Retirement Fund. It is understood that the fund has invested more than 4 billion US dollars in KKR in the past 25 years. "It is KKR's first investor. We are its first (fund) to invest in China." said Tang Kui, the current president of Fountain Capital. In such a period of economic downturn, why are these LPs willing to unload their money? Innes Meek, executive director of the CDC Group, which has committed $40 million to Fountain Capital, said he is bullish on growth-stage investments in China. This shows that international LPs are still optimistic about China's growth-stage investment. Second, Tang Kui said that the investment goal of Fountain Capital—a company with a successful business history and the potential to become an industry leader—is also something that CDC agrees with. This time, Fang Yuan Capital also contacted CDC through introduction. According to the style of CDC, generally CDC personnel will interview with the main personnel of the team, and then the CDC's own network will learn about the style of a team. In the case of a new fund, the parties will discuss future return projections based on the performance of the investee companies. Since the 1990s, the four core members of this team began to get to know each other in the process of studying and working in New York, Hong Kong, Shanghai and other places, and finally met Temasek. According to the reporter's understanding, from 2005 to 2007, the team of Tang Kui, who was the investment director and senior managing director of Temasek China at the time, invested Yingli Green Energy, One Trillion Weide, Sichuan Jiuda Salt, Xinyu Hengdeli, Lianlian Holdings The company, Sino Forestry, and other investments in Country Garden Real Estate, Evergrande Real Estate and Greentown Group. In addition, Temasek has also invested in CITIC Capital China Fund and Zhixin Capital Fund founded by former Shanda CFO Li Shujun. In the past three years, these four partners participated in the establishment of Temasek China Investments, and completed more than billions of dollars in investment in the Chinese market. Three major investment themes This new fund plans to complete 15-20 investments in the next 4 to 5 years, and its investment rhythm is about 3 to 4 projects per year. The new team revealed in an exclusive interview with this newspaper that its focus is on leading companies in industries related to China's mass consumption upgrade, urbanization process and sustainable development. These areas include large-scale infrastructure construction brought about by the urbanization process, and suppliers of raw materials, machinery and equipment, and technologies that support this process will all receive attention. The renewable energy sector is also one of the focus areas. In the field of environmental protection, in November, the first investment of Fang Yuan Capital is coming to an end. According to the reporter's understanding, the scale of this investment is more than 50 million US dollars. The determination of these three themes is not the first creation of Fountain Capital today. In the past three or four years, when the team was still at Temasek, it was the investment direction it insisted on. As mentioned in the "Temasek Year in Review 2008", since the establishment of Temasek, the annual compound total shareholder return based on market value has reached 18%, and based on shareholders' equity, it has reached 17%. 18% is Temasek's overall compound growth rate of more than 30 years, which basically reflects Singapore's economy. With this reference, "you can see what the average growth rate of China's economy will be in the next 20 years. A good industry will exceed this speed. If you find a good industry leader in a good industry, you can exceed this speed." Fountain Capital did not give LP a specific numerical return expectation, but in the Chinese market, it is not impossible to reach this figure. This is not achieved in a radical way, on the contrary it may be prudent. The team has shown considerable discipline and restraint over the past three years. Partner Zhuang Jian told reporters that from 2005 to the first half of 2007, the team's investment volume was among the top of many teams investing in the Chinese market, but in the past 12 months of frenzy, the team only made a sum of 20 million dollar investment. This is not a sudden slam on the brakes. Prior to this, the prices given by the team were mostly single-digit PE multiples. As a result, this investment team has a mentality advantage in the current environment. The reason is that even if some large funds want to make a difference at the moment, they have to slow down their investment due to the economic drag of foreign headquarters.