PARKVIEW GREEN, a new green landmark, debuted in the CBD (picture) On March 15, 2010, PARKVIEW GREEN was officially unveiled to the Beijing media. PARKVIEW GREEN is adjacent to the Beijing CBD center, and is Parkview Green's first in mainland China. Large-scale projects include shopping plazas of the world's top fashion and trend brands, boutique hotels with platinum elegance, and office buildings with the most cutting-edge and practical design solutions. From the meticulous application of green technology to the honor of LEED platinum pre-certification in the United States, PARKVIEW GREEN has perfectly combined environmental protection and luxury, refreshed the new concept of Beijing landmark, and brought a new round of green revolution in the high-end real estate industry. The picture shows Huang Peixiu, executive director of PARKVIEW GREEN, introducing the unique air circulation system in the office building. PARKVIEW GREEN uses a unique and fashionable pyramid cover, and uses a unique ETFE (tetrafluoroethylene and ethylene copolymer) transparent film material, which skillfully passes through the pyramid. The shape of the building connects the four towers into one. This unique shape can not only ensure the sunshine time of the residential area next to Fangcao, but also reduce the energy consumption by 30% compared with the same building complex. The unique air circulation system in PARKVIEW GREEN Fangcao building, relying on green high-tech to realize the convection circulation of fresh air, makes people feel like being in the nature, and truly realizes "no need to focus on green colors, fresh and clean air, already let You feel comfortable all over." "Green" Concept Parkview Construction is one of the pioneers of sustainable construction in China. As the first large-scale project invested and constructed by Parkview Enterprise in mainland China, PARKVIEW GREEN Fangcao inherits and further develops Parkview Group's green concept of environmental protection, and runs green through every detail of the building. "Always walking in the forefront of the times and insisting on green environmental protection, sustainable development and sustainable management is the brand promise that my grandfather has always abided by since he founded the company in the late 1950s. Therefore, green features are the characteristics of each project of Parkview Construction Enterprise. Our goal is to develop iconic projects of the highest quality,” said Leo Hwang, Executive Director of PARKVIEW GREEN. As a people-oriented "intelligent building", PARKVIEW GREEN has set a new era standard for Beijing's architectural design industry with its advanced and outstanding green technology, mechanical and electrical engineering technology and space design. "Green" PARKVIEW GREEN Fangcao project innovatively designed the first 236-meter-long pedestrian bridge in China. It spans between building complexes and provides customers with a bird's-eye view of various merchants and public squares. The ideal wide space also makes it easier for people to walk between the four buildings. A series of sightseeing elevators, elevators and eighteen six-meter-long escalators are matched with the whole building, which can also provide convenience for visiting customers and customers. The unique shape of PARKVIEW GREEN Fangcao, although sacrificing a certain space and increasing the construction cost, can ensure the sunshine time of the residential area next to the Fangcao, and reduce the energy consumption by 30% compared with the same building group, making it comparable to the surrounding area. The environment is naturally integrated to realize the harmonious coexistence of the building and the environment. The picture shows Huang Peixiu, executive director of PARKVIEW GREEN, introducing the green features and concepts of the project. For Parkview Group, cultural heritage and artwork are the soul of a building. The 41 Dalí sculptures placed in the PARKVIEW GREEN Fangcao are one of the richest collections of Dalí authentic pieces in the world. They are integrated with the architecture and exude a unique temperament belonging to the PARKVIEW GREEN. Integrating its own cultural connotation with Beijing's unique cultural heritage is the urban landmark concept that PARKVIEW GREEN has always advocated. "Green" color technology uses cutting-edge technology to achieve green environmental protection, which is also a distinctive feature of PARKVIEW GREEN. It cleverly connects the four tower buildings through a pyramid-like shape, which is not only eye-catching in appearance, but also more complete in function. The ETFE transparent film covering the outer layer of the entire building is the same film material used by the Beijing Olympic National Aquatics Center. It has the characteristics of strength, self-cleaning and recyclability, and can create a comfortable and healthy green environment. Under the protection of the outer cover, the building composed of four steel frame structures has the ability to adjust the micro-climate itself, making people feel the breeze like being in nature, creating a pleasant atmosphere for commercial tenants, customers and customers. The indoor microclimate makes it easy to enjoy the spring-like indoor gardens, sunny courtyards and spacious and elegant atrium plazas. The picture shows the many works of art displayed in the lobby of Parkview Green Fangcao Boutique Hotel. For business elites who will work in PARKVIEW GREEN in the future, in addition to enjoying a comfortable and noble environment, thanks to various energy-saving technologies, they can also make use of natural Ventilation, water storage circulation system at the top of the building, tenants can reduce costs in the long run in terms of energy consumption such as water and electricity. "Green" color certification PARKVIEW GREEN Fangcao's outstanding environmental protection architectural design concept makes it the first green building in China that has obtained "Platinum Pre-certification" - the highest level of LEED (Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design) certification system. The development and future of green buildings in China have established the most pioneering and ultra-high standards. The LEED (Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design) certification system initiated by the US Green Building Council (USGBC) evaluates the environmental sustainability of building projects through a set of international standards. Since the establishment of the system in 1998, the LEED certification process has been open and transparent, and its technical standards have been proposed by the LEED Committee and discussed and approved by more than 10,000 member organizations of the USGBC. projects were evaluated. PARKVIEW GREEN Fangcao's platinum pre-certification pushes China's green building standards to a new level. Under the trend of China's rapid economic strength and extensive improvement of green building technology, green building will be an important direction for future development and sustainable development. PARKVIEW GREEN uses natural conditions and sustainable green technology to be friendly and friendly to the environment, and truly achieve symbiosis and sustainable development with the environment. It will not only become the leader of green buildings, but also open a new era of green buildings in China. i want to comment