The humanistic feelings of the principal studying in France: the girls outside Sichuan are not vases Li Keyong said: "Haha, my daughter said she was very low-key, and said it was best not to have me teach her personally." Medium stature, speaks standard Mandarin, witty and flat tone, winner of the French government's "Education Knight Medal", president of Sichuan University of Foreign Languages Li Keyong's first impression is elegance. In the evening when the get out of class bell had just rang, he started this high-end interview, from casual chatting at the beginning, to going deeper into the topic step by step. In the interview, Li Keyong likes to use three short sentences to describe his outlook on life: from France to China, he often said that "the world is flat"; from student management to scientific research and teaching, he often said that "the skin does not exist, the hair does not exist. From "brothers and sisters" to "students and children", he often praised his students from outside Sichuan for their "intellectual beauty". Li Keyong, male, born in Han nationality in September 1959, was born in Zhaotong, Yunnan, as a postgraduate tutor and professor, and is currently the president of Sichuan University of Foreign Languages. DEA degree and obtained a master's degree in language science 1997.01~1999.04 Director of the French Department of Sichuan University of Foreign Languages 1999.04~2001.09 Assistant to the Dean of Sichuan University of Foreign Languages and Director of Academic Affairs Office 2001.09~2003.09 Deputy Dean of Sichuan University of Foreign Languages "Characters Face to Face" Work hard and do more practical things Reporter: Many schools have been changed to comprehensive universities. Will Sichuan University change it in a few years? Li Keyong: Sichuan Foreign Languages will definitely not blindly "follow the trend". If we want to develop new disciplines, we will develop disciplines related to internationalization based on characteristic foreign languages, and use our own characteristics to combine foreign languages with other majors. For example, in law, we focus on international law; in journalism, we focus on international news. Reporter: There are articles on the Internet saying that it is better to go to New Oriental outside of Shangchuan? Li Keyong: First of all, this comparison is unscientific. Outside Sichuan mainly focuses on academic education, and our teaching quality and social reputation are well known. Last year, we received a good score of "excellent" in the evaluation of the undergraduate teaching work level of the Ministry of Education. There are many bright spots outside Sichuan that are notable in the whole country. In fact, we have an international education institute, and the quality of training is unmatched by other institutions. I would also like to add that many foreign language training institutions in Chongqing have hired teachers from our school as expert consultants, and some training institutions even clearly stated in their advertisements that they hire senior experts from outside Sichuan to teach. Very tall business card. Which institution has good training quality, let the students feel it for themselves. Mao Zedong said: "If you want to know the taste of a pear, you have to taste it yourself." Reporter: Can you describe yourself in a few phrases? Li Keyong: Work hard and do more practical things. Sino-French exchanges - the world is flat "The world is flat" is not only the name of a book in Li Keyong's eyes, but also an attitude towards cultural exchanges between different countries. "We are so close, we have to embrace it and master its language," Li said. In 1991, Li Keyong, who had worked as a French teacher outside Sichuan for nearly 10 years after graduating from university, was given the opportunity to go abroad for further study. "At that time, I was thinking about not going out, but in the end I still wanted to prove myself. After all, I have studied French for so many years, and I can't tell if I haven't been to France." Li Keyong said. He was 32 years old that year. "When I first arrived in France, I had a great sense of accomplishment by communicating fluently and freely with the locals." One night, international students prepared a small welcome party in the student dormitory. At this time, a French student asked Li Keyong put forward a "challenge", asking him to listen to Li speak a piece of French and then find faults by himself. After only a few minutes of conversation, the "prickly" French student had to admit that if he just listened to the voice, he really thought he was an authentic French. Later, many French students talked about their impression of Li, "This Chinese student speaks French well!" Li Keyong often gave lectures in schools with his fluent spoken language and profound knowledge. At that time, French students still had many misunderstandings about China. In addition to introducing China's long-standing civilization, Li Keyong also explained China's history, culture and politics. "One time I went to a middle school to give a lecture, and some students were scrambling to sign. What should I sign?" Li Keyong had an idea and signed the words of Chairman Mao in French and Chinese characters: "Study hard and make progress every day." During this experience of studying in France, Li Keyong admitted that he encountered a lot of ups and downs. At that time, he went abroad as an advanced student. He originally had enough time to study, but the school made an exception to let him study for a master's degree, which meant that his study hours were shortened a lot. He must finish the course completed in one year. "In addition to taking classes during the day, I have to make up for the courses I haven't learned, and stay up late at night to study the notes and materials borrowed from others to recover the courses that have fallen." Li Keyong said that that year was a year when perseverance and physical effort were almost exhausted. . In 2004, at the "Chinese Culture Year Chongqing Cultural Week" held in Toulouse, France, the Sichuan Opera "Gold" caused a sensation in France after its performance. Toulouse Franco-Chinese Alliance President Ms. Laporte said to Li Keyong, who presided over the translation work of "Gold": "Your work is really amazing. Your translation work is an important bridge for the French to understand "Gold"..." July 2007 On the 9th, at the awarding ceremony of the French "Education Knight Medal", Li Keyong said in his thank-you speech: "To be a French teacher, you must first love French, defend French, and spread French; to be a French teacher is to be a French teacher. The communicator of Chinese and French culture." The "Education Knight Medal" is used by the French government to reward domestic and foreign educators who have made outstanding contributions to the dissemination and research of French culture and education. It is one of the highest honors in the French education industry. .