Krugman: America needs a new plan Not enough, telling the public that new measures may be necessary, including a new round of stimulus. The following is an excerpt from the article: As early as the Obama administration announced the economic stimulus plan, some of us worried that the plan would not be enough. We are also concerned that it may be politically difficult to reintroduce a new stimulus package in the future. Unfortunately, these fears have been justified. The dismal June jobs report made it clear that the stimulus package was indeed too small, and it also undermined the government's credibility in managing the economy. Now the administration faces a real danger that President Obama will find himself in a political-economic trap. I'll discuss this trap and how Obama can escape it later. First, let's take a look at what happens in normal times. When there is an ordinary recession in the economy, it is the Fed's responsibility to fight the recession. The Fed lowered interest rates in a gradual manner, cutting them a little at a time until the economy improved. At times, the Fed pauses rate cuts in order to assess the effect of rate cuts, and continues if the economy remains weak. The last time there was a recession, the Fed cut rates repeatedly as it deepened, cutting rates as many as 11 times in 2001. Then, when there were signs of recovery, the Fed paused rate cuts, giving previous rate cuts time to take effect. When evidence suggested the economy was still not growing fast enough to create jobs, the Fed started cutting rates again. Typically, we expect policymakers to have the patience and determination to deal with poor jobs numbers. They should give existing policies ample time to work, but they should also consider stronger policy measures. And that's exactly what the Obama administration should be doing now. (The government's fiscal stimulus is highly necessary given that the Fed has lowered its benchmark interest rate to near zero.) That said, policymakers should remain calm in the face of disappointing initial results, recognizing that stimulus will take time to play out in full. effect. However, now that it is now very clear that the first stimulus package will not be enough, they should also prepare for further stimulus. Unfortunately, the politics of fiscal policy is very different from the politics of monetary policy. Republicans, and some Democrats, see any bad news as evidence that stimulus has failed, rather than as a reason for stronger policies. As a result, the Obama administration will fall into a huge political-economic trap: persistently weak economic conditions undermine the government's ability to respond effectively. As I said before, I am terrified that this will happen. But now it seems that it is inevitable. The question now is how the president and his economic team should respond. Whether it's defending what has been done so far or letting Vice President Biden tour the country, the Obama administration's approach is appropriate. Government economists have called for patience and pointed out that it is reasonable that the stimulus package will not fully kick in until the summer or even the end of the year. However, when Biden admitted that the government "misjudged" the economic situation, Obama declared that "nothing could have been handled otherwise." The administration's inability to admit mistakes is an attitude that Obama himself or the country as a whole cannot afford. What Obama needs to do is to be honest with the American people. He needs to admit that not enough has been done; he needs to remind Americans that he is trying to steer the country through a severe economic storm and that course corrections may be necessary, including a new stimulus package. (Xingya)