The United Arab stepped into the fourth season of the basketball holy land as scheduled to see if he could conquer Madison Sina Sports News Beijing time on November 5th, according to CBS Sports reports, Madison Square Garden has finished the rest, waiting for the Washington Wizards to visit, Yi Jianlian in this game The performance in the game is impressive. Previously, the game at the Garden Arena was forced to be canceled because of the slag from the roof of the arena. A spokesman for the Garden Arena on Wednesday local time said they had received assurances from relevant professionals that there was no problem with the arena. The arena renovation project is one of the innovative projects that the mayor of New York is focusing on. He has previously expressed his views on the slag incident in the arena. Renovation works are mainly carried out in the summer, but some finishing work will continue throughout the year. Now that there is no problem in the arena, it is the turn of the visitors to perform. The resilience of the rebuilding team is equally impressive. Yi Jianlian's performance in the new club is also eye-catching as the most important force on the bench of this youth army. Judging from the previous record against the Knicks, Yi Jianlian played against the Knicks three times with the Bucks in his rookie season, scoring 8 points twice and 4 points once. Second-year Yi Jianlian played against the Knicks four times with the Nets and scored 13 points and 6 rebounds in the first game, hitting 60%. In the 2009-10 season, the Nets and the Knicks faced off three times, and Yi Jianlian missed two games. On December 30, 2009 local time, this was the last matchup between Yi Jianlian and the Knicks. In that game, Yi Jianlian played 42 minutes, Scored a team-high 22 points on 56 percent shooting and added six rebounds. Yi Jianlian's growth is obvious. Especially against a team like the Knicks, he played even more handy. Judging from the performance of the previous few games, the Knicks lacked a lot of people inside. Although the starting rookie center Timofey Mozgov is taller than Yi Jianlian, as the big brother among international players, Yi Jianlian can give this newcomer a little shock. educate. As for Amare Stoudemire, he has never been good at defense and is not something to be afraid of. There is no doubt that the Knicks will continue to play their only advantage - speed, and they will not be afraid of the young wizards who are in the seat of John Wall. Over the years, with the decline of the Knicks, Madison Square Garden has lost its power, but this is still New York, this is still the "Rome of the World" in John Lennon's mouth, conquering the Knicks, and welcoming and cheering at Madison Square Garden. Boo, this is the most exciting experience, I believe Yi Jianlian will not miss such an opportunity. (Chun Shui Fangsheng)