 Weekly Review of Hong Kong Films: Only Newcomers Laugh (6.30-7.6) Film critic Shu Qi often writes about some reading experiences in Ming Pao. Although he often quotes the views of the text he has read and then adds his own elaboration, he also often gives others For inspiration, for example, in a recent talk about Fei Mu's "A Brief Talk <Air>" written more than 70 years ago, Fei Mu's words were quoted: "If a movie wants to capture the audience, it must assimilate the audience with the environment of the people in the play. In order to achieve this purpose, I thought it was necessary to create the air in the play", and Shu Qi's understanding of "air" is that "the atmosphere, emotion, texture and layers in the film that linger in time and space are the most abstract. , but at the same time the most concrete thing.” We often find it difficult to resonate when watching movies. According to Fei Mu, it has to do with the difference between the "air" in the movie and the way we breathe - this actually explains why Ye Nianchen's Works such as "Exclusive Trial Love", "Ten Ten · Love" and "My Favorite" are more popular. Another article by Shu Qi is about the "objective film review" advocated by film biographer Ronno Began, and summarizes several words that are taboo in such film reviews, namely "slow" and "too long" (because feel that the length of the movie is subjective), "old", "artificial", "obscure" (indicating that the critics did not understand the movie), and "recommended". These arguments are also worth our thinking and learning, but the argument that the movie is good or bad is still relatively subjective. Filmmakers: 1. The Hong Kong International Film Festival held the "Summer International Film Festival" From August 8 to September 15, 2008, the Hong Kong International Film Festival Association once again hosted the "Summer IFF Summer International Film Festival", which was divided into Summer Pops and Summer Classics are two parts, "collecting selected popular idols, Bollywood's strongest musicals, creative films from Japan, Korea, Hong Kong, and award-winning topical works of this year's Cannes Film Festival and Berlin Film Festival, etc., plus screenings Five classic works by Swedish director Ingmar Bergman, as well as a tribute to the Japanese master Ichikawa Kun who just passed away this year, the screening of eight representative works of his golden age will arouse the audience to appreciate the film from a new angle.” This year's film festival screened a total of 33 films and 64 screenings, with an average of nearly two screenings per film. The specific titles and schedule of the film festival will be announced this week, and the opening film is Liu Deng's new film "Half is sea water, half is flame". This film is adapted from Wang Shuo's novel of the same name. A love story of a pure girl who is entangled in her life. In August last year, the "Summer International Film Festival" film festival was also held, showing works such as "The Great Japanese". In recent years, the Hong Kong International Film Festival has been expanding, including forming an "Entertainment Expo" with the Hong Kong Film Awards, holding "Asian Film Awards" activities, and independently launching the "Hong Kong Asian International Film Festival". On the other hand, the Hong Kong Film Golden Bauhinia Awards, which have been held for more than ten years, have been criticized by many people in recent years, especially last year. It is still unknown when it will be held this year. There are few problems, and the problems are still being solved. It may be suspended this year. Although it is only said that it may be suspended, in fact, the plight of the Golden Bauhinia and even the Hong Kong Film Awards has long been obvious to all. How to transform has become a common problem today. . 2. Stephen Chow () plans to shoot "Journey to the West" and kung fu films on July 3, because Taiwan's Cathay Pacific Global Entertainment Fund plans to invest more than 100 million Hong Kong dollars to support the shooting of Stephen Chow's new film, and Stephen Chow also went to Taiwan to discuss related matters, which may be the return The route of that year was to shoot "Journey to the West" and Kung Fu-themed works. Among them, in "Journey to the West", Zhou Xingchi originally wanted to play Tang Seng, but at the strong request of the filmmaker, he still played Sun Wukong. In the new century, Stephen Chow gradually "worked slowly and worked hard". His self-written, directed and acted "Shaolin Football" and "Kung Fu" both achieved more than 60 million Hong Kong dollars at the local box office in Hong Kong, but this year's "Changjiang No. 7" is his go-to. The warm-hearted film not only made more than 50 million Hong Kong dollars at the box office, but also caused dissatisfaction among some audiences. After all, Stephen Chow maintained a humorous style in the minds of many fans. And this time, the cooperation plan negotiated by Taiwanese filmmakers and Stephen Chow is to go back to the "Journey to the West" or kung fu film route that Stephen Chow succeeded in. From the perspective of the film industry, such a way of "feeding on the old" is not a little risky. First, the audience entering the cinema today is getting younger and younger, and they have a certain distance from Stephen Chow's humorous style, and many young viewers even expressed that they did not understand why his films were humorous; second, such "eating old" In addition to the fact that the filmmakers strongly demanded Stephen Chow to play the role of Monkey King, it can also be seen that filmmakers lack confidence in the production prospects in today's film environment - in fact, in the local Hong Kong market, filmmakers are also concerned about Hong Kong films. The production has a relatively conservative outlook on the box office, which is also related to the fact that the film market is increasingly dominated by Hollywood blockbusters. But as far as the films of a country or region are concerned, only by constantly injecting new elements that are in line with the times can they better keep up with the trend of the times, that is, breathing the "air" of the new era. On the one hand, not only does this type of films gradually enter a dead end (as did the flood of Hong Kong films in the early 1990s), on the other hand, it brings more contradictions to Hong Kong films that were originally in trouble, creating a vicious circle. Filmmakers are businessmen first and then investors. It’s understandable to use box office returns as the main purpose, but the film foundation established by the Hong Kong government should play its role well, not just shouting beautiful people there. slogan! 3. Ma Weihao's new film "Affordable" starts, "Scorpion" will be released on July 4th, directed by Ma Weihao, Gigi Leung (Ting Song blog), Shao Bing (Ting Song blog), Chen Bolin (blog), Tan Junyan, Fan Shaohuang, etc. The new film "Affordable to Love" starred in Hong? A primary school opened, the main story revolves around the relationship between Gigi Leung, Shao Bing, and Chen Bolin (Shao Bing plays her husband, and Chen Bolin plays Shao Bing's younger brother, with Gigi Leung This "sister-in-law" has an incestuous relationship). This film is also the second collaboration between Gigi Leung and director Ma Weihao after "First Love Unlimited TOUCH" ten years ago. She plays a Hong Kong female white-collar working in Guangzhou, running through the concept of love and marriage of modern urban white-collar workers, while the main urban OL clan. In fact, there is another new film "Scorpion" that Ma Weihao has completed this year. The film is produced by Tongdao Production Co., Ltd., by Mizuno Miki, Guo Pinchao (Tingge blog), Huang Yiwen (Tingge blog), Li Cansen, Lin Xue, Liang Xiaolong , Ren Dahua and other starring roles, the story tells that Xitai's father was offended by Dr. Mai You, and his lover, Kanye, sent a killer group to chase Xitai, and the killers felt the fear of Xitai's fiancee Nami and forced her to kill him. The younger sister of Xitai died, and Xitai was spared. Nami was arrested and imprisoned. After escaping from prison, she sought revenge from the killer group, and found Xitai who had lost her memory, trying to rediscover the story of the year... This film has already been produced. , but when it will be released is still unknown. After watching the internal preview, some viewers said that the CULT style of the film is very obvious, "the use of the camera and the way of narration are absolutely 'non-mainstream', and the development of the story is also very unpredictable", "The unexpected black smile of the film, I believe that many audiences can’t accept it”, but the film’s description of the heroine’s emotions and mental journey is very detailed, and the action scenes of the film are also very fierce and fierce, and the fighting is exaggerated but it looks very realistic. The action director Huang Weihui should Remember a feat". 4. Not long before the filming of Qiu Litao's new film "I don't sell my body, I only sell my uterus", Qiu Litao started filming the new film "The Same Door" and it is tentatively scheduled to be released in Hong Kong at the end of August. On July 5, Qiu Litao's new film "I don't sell my body, "Only Selling the Womb" also held a ceremony to open the mirror and worship the gods. It is expected to be completed in the middle and late July, and it is estimated that the film will be released by the end of the year. The film is starring Liu Meijun (Ting Ge) and co-starring Huang Qiusheng (Ting Ge), Huang Wanling, Yao Leyi, Sammy and Shao Yinyin. Liu Meijun plays a drug-addicting prostitute, Yao Leyi also plays a prostitute and has a passion scene, while Huang Wanling plays a pregnant woman, and Huang Qiusheng plays an insurer. One of the scenes is that he keeps lobbying for the purchase of the "pregnant woman" Huang Wanling who came to Hong Kong from the mainland. Insurance... In the preface to the book "Director in Focus: Yau Litao" published at the Hong Kong International Film Festival last year, artistic director Li Zhuo Tao said, "Yu Litao is actually an underrated director, and he wants to be prolific, and he is not affected by the downturn in the film market. He is a unique representative among Hong Kong film directors. In addition to being an all-rounder of genre films, he also has a line of social conscience and realism, and there are many excellent works that write people and love within the framework of popular genres. For example, the latest work "Sex "Ten Days of Workers Talk", which integrates sociality and melodrama, and regains the unbridled vitality of Hong Kong-made films that have been lost for a long time. The authentic local characteristics are worth cherishing." Although I haven't found a lot of relevant information about this film yet, from the name of the film and the consistent style of the director, the focus of this film is not on eroticism, but on depicting a Ukiyo-e through this profession. I hope it can surprise the audience like last year's "Ten Days of Sex Workers". Amu/Wen statement: Sina.com exclusive manuscript, please indicate the source for reprinting.