Yao Ming's next game in the next season is doubtful. Rockets executives said they will change Yao strategy. Sina Sports News Beijing time on November 5th news, Houston local radio station 610 connected to interview Rockets Vice President of Personnel Gerson Rosas to discuss the current situation of the Rockets . Rosas said Yao Ming's recovery is on track, but he also revealed that the team is considering whether to reduce Yao Ming's playing time in the second quarter to further improve his efficiency. Here's an excerpt from the interview -- anyone who cares about the Rockets will feel uncomfortable seeing the 0-4 start. "No one is going to be happy. Facts are facts, it was a bad start and we believe there will be a breakout in the near future, but for now all we can do is train hard and prepare for Spurs and keep the team together as a team. ," Rosas said. According to Rosas' analysis, a successful team will never be heavy on offense and light on defense, or heavy on defense and light on offense. "To be a good team, you have to strike a balance between offense and defense. In the last few games, we've played better on offense than on defense, actually, our first game was pretty good with some defensive flashes. , but we didn't take the opportunity," Rosas said. "It's the price of growth, we need to balance the offense and defense in the next few games. It's true that we're tough on the schedule, but that's not an excuse, we We should have won some of them, but we didn't." As for the reason for the four-game losing streak, Rosas said it was a combination of factors. "There is no specific reason, the lack of understanding is one reason, and the other reason is the poor form of players, such as Kyle Lowry, who is limited by injuries. Of course, we also need to do more in terms of defensive rebounds. Well, let's make the defense more stable. How to protect the basket is a very important issue." At the end of the interview, Rosas specifically commented on Yao Ming's performance in the past few games. A notable fact is that Yao Ming didn't show up at the last minute of any game. What's wrong with him? Rosas said: "We discussed the issue of Yao Ming with the coaching staff. According to the changes of opponents on the court, the coaching staff will make some adjustments. I personally think that the coach's arrangement is no problem, and Yao Ming will not be arranged to play at certain times. It's normal. Due to the low efficiency of Yao Ming in the second quarter, some changes are needed in the use of Yao Ming. In the future, we will even consider letting Yao Ming play less or even not play the second quarter. But in general, Yao Ming's every day The situation will be better, for example, his ability to judge the timing has improved. Like I said before, it is a long process, but we can be sure that Yao Ming is already on the right track.” ( fat boy)