Beijing's Top 30 Smiling Angels debuted to showcase the sales elites in the industry On September 16, Beijing's Top 30 Smiling Angels debuted at the Baidu Leju Successful Experience Sharing Conference. After 2 months of selection, 30 smiling angels from Beijing stood out from the 500 contestants and stepped onto the splendid stage to show the sales elites in the industry. In addition to the top 30, the Smile Angel Popularity King was also selected based on the on-site voting of the guests. In the end, Liang Xiaoyu from the Sun AD project won the popularity king with 55 votes. >>>Enter to check the Top 30 Smiling Angels on Baidu Leju Experience Sharing Meeting on the 16th, the Top 30 Smiling Angels showed their most beautiful demeanor to colleagues in the industry through the stage show, cute, sexy, intellectual, handsome, each of the top 30 angels They have all become the embodiment of smiles and brought their most beautiful smiles to all the audience through the catwalk. In addition, the singing and dancing of the smiling angel also brought the atmosphere to the climax. >>Check out more exclusive tidbits of the scene Smile Angels are active on Sina Weibo platform, blooming their exclusive "lou-style" temperament smile. At the same time, they also actively participated in various writing activities initiated by the Beijing real estate circle Weibo. On the afternoon of the 16th, in addition to the cosmetics worth 3,998 yuan provided by the popular king at the scene, 9 smiling angels who participated in the fragrance-hunting journey won the prize of nearly 5,000 yuan of essential oils provided by the Aleia brand. From September 19th, Sina Leju will launch the selection of the top 30 into the top 10 among the top 30 smiling angels, and see who will win the top 10. No matter what the progress of Smile Angels, Smile Angels has become a beautiful landscape in the Chinese property market. Their smiles are not only sent to every customer, but also to every fan on their Weibo. The following is the list of the top 30 smiling angels in Beijing, come to Sina Weibo to support your angels: I want to comment