The "Globalization Mindset" of Chinese Students Studying in France After returning to China, I felt that the world was very small because I already had a globalization mind. I also feel that the world is huge because I still have so many things to accomplish and so many things to experience. On January 7, 2009, when I returned to the brand-new Terminal 3 of the Capital Airport, I still clearly remembered the uneasy expectations when I flew to France alone. Living and studying in France for 15 months has allowed me to grow and gain a lot, not only because of my academic achievements, but also because of the international environment that allows me to look at myself and the world from a new perspective. Now, I am confident because I am fulfilled, and calm because I am wise. I think the quality of education in France is better than I expected. I studied at the Graduate School of HEC Grenoble, where I studied International Business Management, which is ranked 4th in Europe. The school is an elite school founded by the Gree Chamber of Commerce. It aims to cultivate business talents to support the development of enterprises. Therefore, graduates have strong practical ability and good graduation prospects. (Universities in France are divided into two types: public and private. Public universities are funded by the government and do not charge students tuition fees. Students only need a few hundred euros per year for registration fees. The other is private schools, which are funded by local chambers of commerce. Established and operated, the most famous elite school in France (Grand Ecole) is a private university.) French business schools enjoy a high reputation in Europe and the world. After personal experience, I believe that the reputation of European business schools is mainly due to its first-class reputation. School facilities, excellent teaching staff, and all the advantages come from its advanced educational philosophy - cultivating students' abilities, respecting students' individuality, and combining academics with practice. First, the school has a first-class learning environment. The school provides students with free Wi-Fi, which means that students can access the Internet in any corner of the school. Log in to the school's education sharing system, inquire about courses, communicate with teachers, give feedback, read the latest economic newspapers and periodicals, pay attention to current affairs, and of course, you can also contact parents and friends from afar. At this time, a laptop is a must for everyone, a must for learning and communication, and it can be said that it is as popular as a mobile phone. The school also provides a place for students to discuss in small groups, and there are also internet-connected computers in the hall that can be used at any time. Group discussion is one of the commonly used teaching methods abroad, which is to let several students discuss a topic or analyze a case together, in order to improve everyone's communication skills, learn how to express themselves, persuade others, and work in teams. Usually group members are assigned by teachers, considering cultural and gender matching, which can be said to be a good learning method. It is worth mentioning that the educational environment in foreign countries encourages individual independent thinking, and every student can freely express his or her own opinions in the classroom, and thus be respected. The teachers who teach are also elites in the business world, often the CFO or CEO of a large company, with a Ph.D. Moreover, they come from different cultural backgrounds and are good at accepting the views of students from various cultural backgrounds, so as to be inclusive. What impresses me is my international marketing teacher John, who is proficient in Spanish, English and French, has a quick mind, is marketing for some brands himself, has a very unique teaching method, does not use fixed textbooks, Harvard Business The case of the college is our teaching material. In his class, everyone needs to think positively and participate in the discussion. He also let us participate in the market planning of a new beverage brand, from strategic positioning to specific market analysis, students can contribute ideas. Now the brand has entered the European market. In general, study life is very stressful, which is also a characteristic of a good business school. Intensive course schedules, group discussions, group assignments, personal essays, and exams require a lot of effort, but each assignment is full of challenges and fresh. Although there are many tasks, it will not feel cumbersome. Complete one at a time. Tasks will have a great sense of achievement and harvest, and you can really appreciate the fun of learning. In this way, the graduates of our school are very popular in Europe and even internationally. Companies believe that the talents cultivated by high-level businessmen are very worthy of important responsibilities. Now graduates are also serving in important positions in major companies. The spirit of Europeans is to study hard, and play hard (study hard, and play hard). My classmates come from many countries on all continents, and different cultural backgrounds give us a lot to share, which allows us to have a wonderful extracurricular life. American classmates took us to barbecue and play Frisbee on the grass; Finnish classmates took us to go hiking; Japanese classmates taught us to make sushi and drink sake; French classmates were naturally more active, took us to taste various red wine and cheese, and took us to ski in the Alps As for me, I took my classmates to celebrate the Chinese New Year. Everyone made dumplings, played mahjong, and wrote calligraphy. It was a great time. On Thanksgiving, each student brought out their own country's special snacks and gathered together to celebrate this special study abroad experience. Another important experience of studying in Europe is traveling, because with a long-term residence in France, you can travel almost all over Europe. Traveling in Europe is not as expensive as I thought before. Youth hostels are about 20 euros per night. The trains in Europe are also very comfortable, and you can book tickets online. You can often buy discounted special tickets. I just sit Traveled by train through Switzerland, Brussels in Belgium, Antwerp, Ghent, and the famous small town Bruges (the small town in the recent "Killer No Holidays"). The plane is even more so. Easy jet's air tickets are very suitable for students with general economic situation to travel and travel to Europe. In France, young people under the age of 25 can apply for a youth card, so that they can enjoy a discount of up to 60% on trains in the country. Moreover, the famous high-speed train TGV in France is very comfortable and fast. From Gree to Paris, it only takes more than 30 euros for a journey of more than 500 kilometers, and it takes two and a half hours to arrive. In this way, with the youth card, I traveled to many cities in France.