Scientists have found the strongest substance in graphite hard substance. The discovery by Columbia University researchers, published in the journal Science, could give scientists long-desired ultra-light paper-thin aircraft parts, super-tough bulletproof vests and 23,000-mile elevators to space. become a reality. The "lead" in pencils, also known as graphite, is extruded from graphene that is a single atom thick. In order for postdoctoral researcher Changgu Li to figure out how strong graphene is, he had to figure out a way to exfoliate graphene sheets from graphite. The method he uses is not high-tech. "What we use is Scotch tape," he said. Lee attached the tape to a piece of graphite and peeled it off. Then stick the tape to a small 1-inch-square silicon wafer and peel it off. Thousands of tiny flakes of graphite are then reposted onto that silicon wafer, which has thousands of tiny holes. That's when Li began to take advantage of high technology. He put the wafer under an electron microscope and scanned it over several days, hoping to find single-atom-thick sheets of graphene in the right holes. Once Li finds a graphene sheet without any flaws, the researchers will try to penetrate it with atom-sized metal and diamond detectors to test its strength. A perfect piece of graphene is only one-hundredth the diameter of a human hair. Mechanical engineer Professor Geoffrey Kaiser explains the strength of graphene sheets with an example. Spread a graphene sheet as thick as plastic wrap over the mouth of the cup and puncture it with a pencil, he said. "The force it takes to poke a graphene sheet with a pencil is equivalent to the weight of an elephant or a small car," says Kaiser. "Graphene is about 100 times harder than the best steel you can buy." Graphite Mines are found all over the world, so this material is available everywhere. But scientists and engineers seem to be years away from finding graphene sheets large enough to turn graphite into useful materials. The researchers say they have demonstrated that a 23,000-mile-long graphene rope can be used to create a space ladder that connects Earth to orbiting satellites. Utilizing such a space elevator would be cheaper than using a rocket. NASA is offering a $4 million reward to scientists who propose a viable space elevator. (Xiaowen) Related Links: Abstracts of "Science" Magazine Papers