October football lottery schedule: The density has increased significantly. The National Sports Lottery Center announced the October football lottery schedule today. There are 40 quizzes in total for 12 wins and losses, 14 half-time and 14 goals. The quiz density is this season Highest. In addition, the "October Golden Week" period includes one UEFA Champions League winning lottery in the middle of the week and two league winning and losing lotteries on the weekend. Lottery players are not destined to be lonely during the Golden Week. This month’s football lottery guesses are still dominated by the Premier League, Serie A, Bundesliga, and La Liga. In addition, the UEFA Champions League group stage and the World Cup qualifiers have also become the objects of the league’s intermittent guessing, basically maintaining the tone of 3 wins and losses a week. As the two World Cup qualifiers in September were very cold, huge bonuses for the first prize vacancies were rolled over, and the bonuses for the nine optional games were all over 500,000, which made many lottery players look forward to the World Cup qualifiers. Hit the jackpot. In October, there are still two World Cup qualifier quizzes, on October 11th and 15th, respectively. Hope lottery players seize the opportunity to fight for the grand prize! Since the UEFA Cup is still in the knockout stage, it has not entered the quiz this month. It is no surprise that when the UEFA Cup enters the group round-robin stage, it will become the object of the football lottery quiz. Please pay close attention to the relevant information of the Sina Lottery Channel. In October, the football lottery guessing started by the Champions League. In this month's 12 winning lottery quizzes, including 2 UEFA Champions League winning lottery, 2 World Cup qualifier football lottery, 4 English-German football lottery, 4 Italian Western football lottery, guess the 12 winning lottery within four weeks. The pattern of guessing every Wednesday is basically guaranteed. The tight quiz rhythm will definitely make the lottery friends who like winning and losing lottery hooked, and the World Cup qualifiers and the UEFA Champions League football lottery have many unpopular and uncertain characteristics, which can further stimulate the lottery players' desire to bet. Will the jackpot continue to be vacant? How many bets will 5 million burst? What is the highest sales volume? let us wait and see. Related schedule links: Football Lottery Winning and Loss Lottery October 2008 Guessing Matches Schedule Complete Schedule 2 Complete Schedule 3 Football Lottery Goal Lottery October 2008 Guessing Games Schedule Complete Schedule 2 Soccer Lottery Half-Full Match October 2008 Guessing Games Schedule Complete Schedule 2 Complete schedule 3 The following is the detailed notice of the National Sports Lottery Center: Our center has formulated the 2008-2009 season Chinese football lottery winning games (14 games, 9 games optional), 6 semi-final games and 4 goals. The quiz of the game in October is arranged. In the quiz schedule in October, the Chinese Football Lottery's quiz objects are part of the Premier League, Serie A, Bundesliga, La Liga, World Cup qualifiers and Champions League group matches. Since the game time of most of the quizzes has not yet been determined, please pay close attention to the relevant adjustment information and do a good job of publicity and release. hereby notified. Sports Lottery Management Center of the General Administration of Sports of the People's Republic of China Sports Lottery Schedule Related Links: September Football Lottery Schedule: Italy, West England and Germany Return to the World Cup 10 Guessing the World Cup August Football Lottery Schedule: Olympic Men's and Women's Football Mixed Guessing the 5 Major Leagues to debut in July Football lottery schedule: Nordic and Pakistani main 4 phases of winning and losing colors throughout June