Zhanglu Football Lottery Recommendation: Injury Roma faltered first choice in Milan Derby >> Click to view Zhang's index Roma VS Atlanta Roma lost 1-3 away to Genoa, De Rossi was suspended with a red card, the team started from Totti, Mex , Juan, Pizarro, Tonetto and other half of the main lineup were injured, and the problem of insufficient substitutes was immediately exposed. What's more important is the death of the old chairman Sensi, the failure of the US-funded acquisition, and the unpredictable where the entire club will go, which has led to instability in the military. This reincarnation is at home, how many cards does Spalletti have to play? Atlanta ranks third with 3 wins and 1 loss. The team's opponents in the first three rounds are not strong, and they are all wins and losses by 1 goal. Overall, the game is stable but not very strong. The first choice is a draw, and the second choice is Rome. Bologna VS Naples Bologna lost three straight, and the veterans who bought it seem to be a little powerless. In addition, it is a double game a week, and the home field advantage should be discounted. Naples 2 wins and 2 draws, the opponents are strong teams, it can be seen that the momentum is good. This team is not good at away games, but this season, they drew away from Roma and Udi, and only conceded 1 goal in 2 games. After buying defensive players such as Rialdo and Macho, the defense has greatly improved. Naples should win, or at least draw. AC Milan VS Inter Milan is not easy to win against the underdogs in the middle of the week. AC Milan's away victory is more valuable, and they use a second set of men. Overall, Milan's striker is still sharp, but the midfield is thinner and the defense is weaker. In terms of strength, Inter Milan is stronger than its opponents, and it will be easy for Lecce's three high strikers to deal with Milan. However, they consume a lot of physical strength in the middle of the week, and the state of the field may be affected. Can Mourinho's vigorous play work in front of the strategies of Serie A teams? This field is a test. The first choice is a draw, and the second choice is Inter Milan. You can choose all. Udinese VS Siena Udi ranked sixth with 2 wins, 1 draw and 1 loss. They are in good form. They won the last round away from Bologna. I like Flores with 1 goal and two wins and attacks. threat. What is more valuable is that their defensive line only conceded 2 goals in 4 games, which is relatively stable. Siena has a satisfactory record in 4 rounds and 3 away games, with 1 win, 2 draws and 1 loss. Especially in the last round of the away draw with Samp without conceding a goal, considering that they have sold a few defenders this season, it is not easy to do this. However, the tin team is not strong enough to threaten the opponent, and Udi wins. Lecce VS Cagliari Lecce forced Inter Milan into a hard fight in the last round away. The coach Beretta is quite skilled, and the defensive ability of the back line is also quite good. The midfield advancement is quite organized, but the ability to create opportunities in front of the goal Slightly worse. Cagliari scored 8 goals and scored only 1 goal in 4 games and 4 defeats, and the points were at the bottom, but they also played well against Juventus last week. In general, Cagliari players are older and not good at away games, Lecce should win. Turin VS Lazio Turin has 1 win, 2 draws and 1 loss. Except for the loss to Inter Milan, the other three opponents are not strong. Their attacking power is acceptable, but they concede more defensively. Lazio won the other 3 games cleanly except for the loss to Milan. This season, their signings are quite effective, especially the striker Salat shines brightly, replacing the injured Rocky and the assisting Pandev to form another pair of the most efficient combination. Lazio also scored 10 goals. Ball leader. Lazio has a big chance to win, and the two teams should see the winner. Palermo VS Regina Palermo has a winning streak at home against Rome and Genoa, but has scored goals away from Udi and Naples, with nearly 7 goals and Milan duo. The only downside is defense. Reggina has 3 losses and 1 draw and is the second-to-last. Buying Cosadie this season has strengthened his offense, but his defense is too poor. He conceded 8 goals and tied for first with Cagliari. Regina is not good at away games, Palermo wins. Catania VS Chievo Catania main victory over Genoa and Atlanta, two not weak teams, lost to Inter Milan on the road, and also scored goals against Juventus, and performed quite well. Chievo won three games, but even Ping Samp and Torino are also very resilient. But Catania is quite crazy at home, when they can win. 13 01 103 3 3 03 3 3 3 031 31 3 30 3 13 013 103 3 31 03 3 3 31 031 31 3 30 3