Hong Kong weekend box office roundup: "Indiana Jones 4" Lian Zhuang champion (pictured) Last Thursday (May 29), although there were six new films (originally seven, but the "Big Four Happiness" directed by Lin Zicong was "on the scene" Escape," and "Traveler" instead showing the German film "The Counterfeiter," which won this year's Oscar for best foreign language film), but unsurprisingly at the box office on Sunday, "Indiana Jones 4" still topped the box office Lianzhuang, and the box office performance has dropped significantly compared to the opening weekend, reaching about 50% (even on Thursday's opening day, "Indiana Jones 4" fell almost 60% compared to its opening day). What's a little unexpected is that the new film "Moss" directed by Guo Zijian has also lost the box office while winning a good reputation. In the last box office review, I talked about the box office problem of "Raiders of the Lost Ark 4", that is, the film itself too maintained the style of the series in the 1980s, but had to add some younger and trendy factors. So that while attracting old movie fans, they are also questioned by them, but the new generation audience does not take it seriously, the two ends do not come to the shore, and the word of mouth is not very good (the number of theaters for the film is also reduced compared to the premiere). Shijia, the recent rainy weather has also affected the audience to go out to watch movies), so the follow-up box office of the film is not very good, although it will exceed 25 million Hong Kong dollars in the near future, but it is not small to reach 30 million Hong Kong dollars. difficulty. However, the more than half-hour jungle chase scene in the film is the climax, which is very tense and exciting. New Films: Underwhelming at the Box Office Six new films opened on the same day, with the exception of "The Story of Richard O" that made the box-office charts, but compared with the champion "Raiders of the Lost Ark 4" in terms of box office Don't - from this point of view, you can also see the box office appeal of Hollywood blockbusters in the Hong Kong market. I remember that in the 1970s, Zou Wenhuai actively participated in Hollywood productions and introduced Hollywood works to be released in the Hong Kong market in order to let Hong Kong people know more about Hollywood movies. Now, what needs to be strengthened at the box office has become a local Hong Kong movie. The romantic comedy "Kiss of True Love" starring Christina Ricci was released in Hong Kong under the translated name of "Magic Romance" because of the popularity of "Magic Romance" in February this year. It should be said that it still brings A little bit of a box office benefit. The story of the film has some Latin American magic realism. It tells about a girl with a pig-like nose because of a family curse. It is said that if she can find a man who really loves her, and can get that man's kiss, This curse can be lifted and the nose of a normal person can be restored, so the girl started the hard road of finding true love... In daily life, people often call others a pig, and this "Kiss of True Love" is about a long-term The true love journey of the girl with the pig nose - in Grimm's fairy tales, Hans Christian Andersen's fairy tales and other familiar fairy tales, there are often beautiful princesses who are cursed by the hateful witch and become Sleeping Beauty, etc., but they are not enough It looks like a "human face and pig nose". It can be said that this film has a certain magical and comedy effect at the beginning, which also makes the film's search for true love more romantic and touching, which is in line with the viewing mentality of many young girls (naturally, They often watch movies accompanied by their boyfriends, which is equivalent to contributing one more person's box office). This film is a light comedy-style low-cost production, and it is a good thing to enter the top three at the weekend box office in Hong Kong. The Japanese film "Shaolin Girl" became the third runner-up at the box office with the help of Stephen Chow and "Shaolin Soccer". The film is supervised by Stephen Chow, not only the movie poster is obviously borrowed from "Shaolin Soccer", but also the plot is derived from it, but the middle-aged man who was unhappy in that year was replaced by a young woman as the protagonist. The film is starring Shibazaki Yuki, Nakamura Heng, Eguchi Yosuke, Zhang Yuqi, Lin Zicong, Tian Qiwen, etc. The story tells the story of a Japanese girl with kung fu talent, A Rin, who went to Shaolin Temple to study Shaolin Boxing for 3,000 days and returned to Japan to try to carry forward Shaolin Boxing in Japan. After the setback, she joined the International Star Pavilion University women's hockey team, and launched a world-shattering martial arts battle with her old enemy... Although this film is said to be directed by Zhou Xingchi and Kameyama Chihiro ("Jumping the Great Search Line" and other hits The Japanese films are all produced by him) and co-produced, but it became a work that copied "Shaolin Soccer" and repeatedly made fun for the sake of being funny (it's the ending part of the film, some Japanese films have magical colors), which is popular among Hong Kong audiences. The word of mouth is very poor, and many people unceremoniously give "garbage", "waste of money", "deceived", "I don't know what to say" evaluations, it seems that many people are because Zhou Xingchi is the producer and adapted from "Shaolin" The relationship between "Football" entered the film and watched the film, but the quality of the film itself made the audience surprisingly angry. In fact, even with a good producer, a good director and even a good actor, it is not always possible to produce a good work. A blockbuster that was played by so-called experts back then is the most typical example (this incident). It also caused a sharp decline in the credibility of experts). However, the actresses in "Shaolin Girls" are more beautiful and suitable for the audience of the new generation, and there are a few hockey scenes that are also well done. Hong Kong's weekend box office rankings (June 1, 2008) In contrast, "Moss" directed by Guo Zijian can be said to repeat the meaning represented by the title in terms of box office performance, "Moss is a very low-level creature. You have to live in a damp and dark place, like deep water?". The film tells the story of a low-key police officer stationed in Sham Shui Po who is inadvertently involved in the grievances of the gang, and involuntarily fights for his own interests in this game... The production conditions of the film are relatively simple, but in the rudimentary It can be seen that the creator's intentions, for example, the film makes full use of the real environment of Sham Shui? to spread the plot and render the atmosphere. Among them, the part of Shawn Yue chasing Fan Shaohuang in the back alley of the street is particularly exciting, and it is also like the director only designed the design in one scene. Four main scenes with different scenes. The film has won a good reputation among the audience, for example, film critic Rayn believes that "in general, Guo Zijian's performance in the new work "Moss" is more mature than "Wild Good Dog", and the actor's use and performance are more mature. , for a new director, it is accurate. The script is based on a combination of personal black style and mainstream action genres, which is actually not easy to please. Being able to shoot a personal style and bring the theme can be regarded as the most successful part of the film. One of the less conspicuous Qingquan films that came to Hong Kong in recent months. I believe that if Guo Zijian is more solid in the script, he can play better in the future." Ordinary audiences also think that "Guo Zijian's second film, the performance is considered stable, and I especially like a few." In all the scenes, including Fan Shaohuang repairing fairy tale books with salty books, it was so funny that he was so embarrassed; in addition, Shawn Yue said that he was 'almost a fight, what is it? ) This sentence is also very good. The plot transition is a link that new directors often overlook, but Guo Zijian arranged the whole play very smoothly. I like the film's true presentation of deep water? It is dramatic, but not too dark, at least not Wu La La (meaning unprovoked) Daylight Day White Street Shootout", "In today's day when a Hong Kong-made film is getting more and more depressed, we can see a Hong Kong-made police and bandit film that is not realistic in order to win the domestic release market. It is really commendable, and the whole film is considered a compact rhythm, the scene design is also interesting, and it has a strong personal style... It is also a rare movie that has been bought recently", etc., basically giving four stars or above. However, good word-of-mouth does not necessarily lead to good box office, and poor word-of-mouth may also be good at the box office, just like two sides of the same coin. The film's box office performance was very unsatisfactory, and even made fans worried about the future of the new director. " The subject matter is slanted, not in line with popular taste, and there are no powerful actors to take the lead. Although the film quality is high, the box office difference is normal. I am afraid that "Moss" will win the word of mouth and lose the box office. The film still lacks commercial considerations, which is the main reason for the low opening of the box office. No matter how good the film is, if the box office is not good, the future of the director will be miserable." Similar to the box office fate of "Moss", the German film "Counterfeit Maker", which won the Oscar for best foreign language film this year, was only opened in three Hong Kong theaters, and its opening day box office was less than 20,000 Hong Kong dollars. In stark contrast to the poor box office, the film has been affirmed by many European and American film awards (including the Oscars) and well-known film critics since last year, and has also won a good reputation in the Mainland (remember the well-known film critic Kraft). Ka Lu's last article before his death highly praised this film, which is a reflection on the background of World War II), but unfortunately it is difficult to stand out in the box office performance. As for the film "The Hunting Party" (translated as "Fox Hunting" in Hong Kong), because the subject matter of the story itself is a suspense thriller and starring Richard Gere, it can temporarily attract some audiences. But if you want to perform well in the follow-up, it is also an impossible task. What's more, the reputation of the film is not good. For example, Shi Qi commented on it, "However, the second half of "Fox Hunting" turned into a farce, and the protagonists could go deep The killer king's den, easily captured war criminals, and became a hero of justice who does not seek fame and fortune, is really a child's play. Richard Gere played well, but did not regain his charm, the most vivid is Terrence Howard, the fledgling The newcomer also has a sense of comedy."