In the Year of the Rabbit, New Year's Real Estate Analysis Analysis of the Four Hotspots Real Estate Recommendations The tiger's tail is tied with gold and wealth, and the rabbit's head is shaking the bell to sing the gospel. The wind is chasing the whereabouts of spring, the snow is walking in the warm ocean, and the lights are lighting up the journey home. No matter how far or near you are, after more than 60 hours, you will enter the Year of the Rabbit. As the new year is about to enter, the adjustment of mortgage interest rates and down payment, and the trial implementation of real estate tax in Shanghai and Chongqing, to a certain extent, have given a dose of regulation to the real estate market in advance of the new year, whether it is ready to improve next year. Do you have to increase the down payment for the adjusted down payment? Is it a one-time purchase of a room that just needs to be selected? Do you have to work hard for the down payment again in the new year? On the occasion of this new year, the editor offers a large collection of powerful real estate according to the area, for you to choose a good house in the new year. Daxing area editor’s comment: In the Daxing Huangcun area, after the Daxing line was opened at the end of 2010, the surrounding real estate prices soared, and large-scale well-known real estate companies such as Poly, China Resources Land, Greenland, Gemdale, and China Construction Real Estate settled in. Wangfujing Department Store has settled in the Daxing Huoshenmian commercial district, and a group of well-known primary schools in Beijing have also set up joint schools in the Huangcun area. An area with convenient transportation and complete surrounding facilities has gradually formed. In the new year, there will be real estates in this area that will be launched for sale. Most of them are mainly small and medium-sized units, which are suitable for investment and independent people. Redwood Forest (Forum Album Model Room Review Map Search) The project is expected to open for sale in April and May 2011. The units for sale are 42 square meters for one bedroom, 60-80 square meters for two bedrooms, and 100 square meters for three bedrooms. The surrounding facilities of the redwood forest project are complete, and the educational resources include Beijing Academy of Petrochemical Engineering, Beijing Institute of Graphic Design, Daxing No. 8 Middle School, Xinghua Middle School, Beijing Primary School Daxing Branch and other well-known institutions; at the same time, it is located under the Huatang, Wumart, and IKEA business circles for daily shopping. Very convenient. >>Click to learn more about the new hot market in Daxing District, Redwood Forest is close to the Fifth Ring Road and the Beijing-Kaikai Expressway, making it easy to travel by car. At the same time, it is only 350 meters away from Zaoyuan Station of Daxing Line, and it takes about 10 minutes to walk to the project. The subway one-stop direct access to business districts such as Xidan and Zhongguancun. The project consists of thirteen residential buildings, a commercial building and a kindergarten, and the overall style is Southern California style. The above information is for reference only, and the final announcement by the developer shall prevail. Go to Beijing Xinpan Weibo to know the latest developments of the Beijing real estate market anytime, anywhere Click to view more discounted real estate information Click to view the latest real estate apartment display I want to comment on real estate navigation: