June 16-22 Review of Hong Kong Films: Fighting Kung Fu (Photo) Sina Entertainment News At the last concert in the Red Pavilion this year, Chen Huilin (listen to the song) proudly announced, "I'm getting married"—— The former generation of music queen, and the actress who was ups and downs in the film circle, so openly expressed her plan, and finally, this actress played life repeatedly in works such as "End of the World", "Anna Madeleine" and so on. Yu was looking for the female lead, and found her true son in the reality of life. Congratulations! I also think of some recent news. There have been repeated rumors that Carina Lau (Ting Ge) is about to get married, and Guan Zhilin (Ting Ge) is also said to quit the entertainment industry to live a dull life, and I feel a little gratified. After all, generally speaking, actresses’ The movie career is shorter than that of male stars, what's more, the ordinary life is more real than the shining under the spotlight. Filmmakers: 1. "The Detective" and "Aunt's Postmodern Life ()" won the awards. The 8th Chinese Media Awards sponsored by "Southern Metropolis Daily" announced the winning results. The Hong Kong film "The Detective" won the best screenwriter (Wei Jiahui) , Ou Jianer), Xu Anhua won the Best Director Award for "Aunt's Postmodern Life". (In addition, "Graffiti's Marriage" won the Best Picture and Best Actress, "Assembly ()" won the Best Actor and Baijia Media's Annual Tribute Film, and Chen Chong (blog) won the Best Supporting Actress and Baijia Media's annual tribute film. Home Media Annual Tribute Filmmaker Award.) During the final review process, Taiwanese film culture worker Wang Xiaoxiang said that "Detective" "is a breakthrough in police and bandit films. Some things are incredible. I didn't understand it when I watched it for the first time, and I had to watch it. Only the second time can I catch Liu Qingyun's mentality. This plot is based on Liu Qingyun's mentality. He said that he can see the seven ghosts in a person's heart, so some inexplicable plots often appear... From an innovative point of view , This film did not follow the normal screenwriting track. Although it is a bit surreal, a bit bizarre, and even a bit unreasonable, it must be affirmed for its creativity." Lin Xudong said "Aunt's Postmodern Life" "Although the film has many shortcomings, The most valuable thing about director Xu Anhua is that she shoots a modern city like Shanghai, but her shots are not confused by the surface of the modern city, but try hard to show the daily life of ordinary little people. I am also moved by the end of the film. , let me see the tenacity of the people at the bottom. She still wants to live in such a bleak situation. At this moment, I crossed the question of whether I looked like a Shanghainese or a Northeastern person, but just remembered such a feeling of life. (Excerpted from "Chinese Film 2007" produced by the Chinese Film Media Awards). The Chinese Media Awards is a Chinese-language film award jointly reviewed by Southern Metropolis Daily and a number of well-known film culture practitioners from the Mainland, Hong Kong and Taiwan. Build an independent and healthy platform with a broad vision.” The second to the fourth will be divided into two parts: Mainland films and Hong Kong and Taiwan films, respectively, and the rest will be combined into one. In this year, "The Detective" and "Aunt's Postmodern Life", two outstanding Hong Kong films in 2007, both won important awards. )" (blog), only Jet Li (blog) entered the second round of review but was quickly eliminated. In addition, the judging process is similar to the judging process of the Hong Kong Film Critics Society Awards, which combines the process of discussion and voting, and the awards for "The Detective" and "Aunt's Postmodern Life" were also awarded in this year's Hong Kong Film Critics Society Awards. obtained on. 2. Chen Kexin Shanghai On June 16, Chen Kexin attended the second session of the 11th Shanghai International Film Festival's "Theme Forum: New Hotspots? Discover China's Film Capital Market", and made some comments on Chinese commercial blockbusters , said "Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon mainly faced overseas markets in the past, and the box office in China was not very satisfactory, which brought up a problem of export sales. If a blockbuster wants to get a box office of several hundred million, The investment in the film itself must be at least 100 million yuan. In the face of so much investment, the producer has to consider selling the film overseas to increase the cost of its own investment. However, if a commercial film needs to face too many markets , it has to be subject to many restrictions. The director has to consider what the Americans like, what the Japanese like, and what the French like... So there is no word of mouth problem for a commercial film, the director can only say that it is within the scope of his own limitations. The best way to make a movie." In a subsequent interview with "Variety", Chen Kexin also said, "The development of a country's film industry cannot be separated from the support of its local purchasing power-only if the local purchasing power is sufficient to support the cost recovery of films, will films be diversified. Only in this way, our market will not be full of magic kung fu costume blockbusters." Indeed, just like Hong Kong movies in the golden age of the 1980s and 1990s, although the mainstream movies are police and gangster action or comedy, the large-scale investment is only a small amount, and there are more other types of works supporting Hong Kong's film industry. The movie industry, even Hollywood movies. As a filmmaker, Chen Kexin, when asked about his future work projects, said that he has plans to invest in 6 large-scale and above medium-sized films, as well as more low-cost works-"From the perspective of production. Look, blockbusters are like umbrellas, and blockbusters can be used to mobilize medium-sized productions—the successful investment in blockbusters can help more small and medium-sized films come out.” In recent years, the co-production blockbuster has been praised by many people, and it has also promoted the industrialization process of Chinese films, but some problems that have arisen cannot be ignored. The cost is controlled below 100 million yuan. If the movie is really good, it is not impossible for a box office of 200 million to 300 million yuan. The pure local box office can recover the cost, and Chinese culture can do its own thing. The nightmare of 2010", and film critic Liu Xiancheng said in the article "The Trend of Cross-border Interaction of the Film Industry in the Asian-Pacific Chinese Region", "Although co-production films have upgraded and transformed the Chinese film industry, in just a few years, the cost scale The expansion so far has far exceeded the speed of market growth. Obviously, such cost expansion is not due to market competition, and the cost of production in China is not as low as imagined. For the Chinese film industry, the industry and the market are even more. healthy development is not possible.” The diversification of film production is a good way to improve the relationship between the industry and the market. Statement: Sina.com exclusive manuscript, please indicate the source for reprinting.