International students looking for work in the UK: there are also tips for sending CVs If you decide to grow wings, don't always think about going back. The plane was not in reverse gear. Turtles are already kelp, what else can you do when you go back. Besides, returning home may not necessarily be a good way to find a job. The UK has a high degree of transparency in finding a job. It does not depend on relationships. The most important thing is that there are fewer people competing for the same position. Based on these three points, I feel that jobs are easier to find in the UK than in China. Since you are looking for a job, do everything early. Taking MSc as an example, it usually starts in October. I started sending CVs after the Cranfield career fair on November 13 last year, ranging from two to five a day, until I found a job in September this year. Remember we are looking for jobs, not jobs looking for us. Don't start writing your CV like some comrades have three months left to graduate. CV CV or CV! CV is very critical. CV and cover letter should not be missing. A CV without a cover letter is basically invalid. How to write CV and coverletter is a common sense problem. As for the template, it doesn't matter, my CV is made by myself. But remember that the CV should not exceed two pages. Too many words must be lost, and our grammar is really inauthentic. One more point, after writing, be sure to find an English person to help you go through it. With CV, you have to find a place to vote. There are basically three ways to submit a resume. The first is someone who goes directly to the company. This is the most efficient, how high is it? An Egyptian student in our class submitted a resume to Airbus at the career fair in November, and chatted with the engineer at the same time. I went to interview in December and got the job in January this year (envy, Airbus). Of course, in addition to the career fair, we also invite engineers from the industry when we defend the Group Design Project. This opportunity cannot be given up, so prepare a few more CVs. The college student recruitment fair is a platform. Remember, this kind of opportunity is very rare, so don't leave after submitting your resume, chat with them a few words, and give them a good impression. You must know that the people who go to the company are often Chief Engineers, and their opinions are very important, and a good impression is basically equal to an opportunity for an interview (Tip: They all carry their name cards on their chests, and find the one with the highest position to talk! The second is through the Career Office of the school. Even if you don't go to them, they will have some lectures on a regular basis, listen more, it's free anyway, and it's still very useful, especially when it comes to work visas! Generally speaking Applying through the school's website will have a higher success rate than applying by yourself, but the disadvantage is that there is little room for choice, after all, most of them are for fresh graduates. The website to cast a CV. My suggestion is to call them directly according to the number above, which is much more successful than sending them an E-mail. Of course, remember to send the CV to others after the call. Tips for sending resumes online Calm down! When you open the above websites, you will generally have a dazzling illusion: there are posts everywhere. At this time, some comrades will have a fever, and Control+C and Control+V have played a powerful function here. The same CV There are a lot of people who have voted for 20 positions. I even see people with the same cover letter! How do you know that every recipient is Dear Peter? Remember that every position is unique, be sure to read the job description and Requirements, change the CV accordingly, especially the cover letter, try not to use Dear Madam or Sir. Job requirements There are generally two types of job requirements. The first type is those who require security level, or require seven or eight years of work experience , such fresh graduates don't need to be considered, and it is a waste of time to vote. The second category is those who, for example, require the use of a certain software or a certain function. If you can't, but you will use other alternatives It doesn't matter if you are a good product, as long as you emphasize it in the cover letter, you can still vote. Don't look at so many positions in the screening, and the most useful ones are up to 50%. Because the same position will not only appear on different websites, but the same position even It will appear twice on the same website! Why? Because there is no suitable candidate for the first time, the advertisement will be resent two months later. This word, and tell him in the cover letter that you have been following this If you have a job, then you can basically prepare to go to the interview. So be sure to update the CV regularly, and remember that the time for the agency or company to pay attention to the position is usually three weeks after the release, so the most effective way to send a CV is to , as long as you dare to update, I will vote! It is no different from whack-a-mole. Remember to keep the CV before the original change (how can you show progress without comparison). One Generally speaking, the website or company will keep your old CV, so you have a big advantage at this time. For example, a job requires you to use C++, but in February you won't, and he didn't find the right person, so he reposted the ad in April.