Durant 28 points Thunder avoid three-game losing streak Trail Blazers overtime slump for the first time at home Sina Sports News Beijing November 5th, the Blazers lost to the Thunder 106-107 in overtime at home, the first home defeat of the season. Thunder (3-2) ended a two-game losing streak. Kevin - Durant and Russell - Westbrook each scored 28 points and 11 rebounds, Jeff - Green 19 points and 9 rebounds. The Blazers (4-2) fell short. LaMarcus Aldridge scored 22 points, Brandon Roy had 19 points and 5 assists, Andre Miller and Nicolas Batum each scored 16 points, and Marcus Camby scored 13 points 12 rebounds, Wesley - Matthews 13 points. After winning two games in a row in the opening season, the Thunder have been out of shape recently. Yesterday, they lost to the Clippers, which had never won before. The poor shooting percentage became the Thunder's ailment, and they hit only 39.3% in the first four games. The Blazers have mostly played away games before and achieved a good record. Today is their second home game this season. Perhaps too long without the feeling of being at home, after the opening, the Blazers made only one shot in the first 2 minutes, and soon fell behind 2-7. Roy does not have a strong offensive desire, but tries his best to get his teammates to score, but most of them let him down. In the last 2 minutes and 09 seconds of this section, the Blazers did not score a point, and the Thunder took the opportunity to score 8 points in a row to end the section with a 29-23 lead. The Thunder returned to its old ways in the second quarter. After the start of this quarter, it missed again and again. After nearly 3 minutes of playing, only Durant made a shot. The Trail Blazers started this section 10-3 and overtook it in one fell swoop. Although Greg Oden and Joel Purzbila are missing, the Trail Blazers still have decent strength inside, and Camby and Aldridge have caused a lot of trouble for the Thunder. In the last 3 minutes and 43 seconds of this section, the Blazers played a wave of 15-4 and gained an advantage 58-51 in one fell swoop. The Trail Blazers scored 6 straight points to start the third quarter, and they had a 13-point advantage 64-51 after Batum's alley-oop dunk. However, in the last 7 minutes and 14 seconds of this section, the Blazers only hit one ball. The Thunder seized the opportunity and made a 13-6 attack wave, and after three quarters they chased the score to 75-81. After the start of the fourth quarter, Green, Harden and Durant succeeded one after another. The Thunder started the quarter 6-0, tied the score at 81-81, and the two sides returned to the same starting line. The Blazers made only one shot in the past 4 minutes, but Camby came out to save the field and made three shots after that. More than half of this section, Camby tipped, the Blazers maintained a 91-87 lead. The two sides fought to the last second. With 18.4 seconds left in the fourth quarter, Roy missed a shot, but Camby grabbed an offensive rebound and passed the ball to Miller, who made an easy tip-up and the Blazers led 100-98 again. Durant missed a shot, Ibaka also grabbed an offensive rebound and made a tip, and the two sides drew again. The Blazers missed a shot in the final 10.2 seconds, and the two teams entered overtime 100-100. After two minutes of overtime, neither team could score. With 2 minutes and 45 seconds left in the game, Harden made a layup to break the deadlock. He scored 3 points with consecutive shots and penalties, and the Thunder took the lead. The two teams have missed consecutive shots since then. The Blazers scored 2 points from Roy's free throws until 40.7 seconds before the whistle. Durant missed a shot after that, but Green grabbed a key offensive rebound, and the Blazers had no choice but to choose a foul. After Durant hit two free throws, the Blazers still had 13.7 seconds of offensive time. However, the Thunder also chose foul tactics. Matthews made only one of two free throws, while Westbrook made two free throws. Johnson hit a last-minute three-pointer to close the gap to one point, but it was too late. Trail Blazers starting lineup: Brandon Roy, Andre Miller, Marcus Camby, LaMarcus Aldridge and Nicolas Batum. Thunder starting lineup: Russell Westbrook, Sabo Sefrosa, Nainad Krstic, Kevin Durant and Jeff Green. (Angkor)