Studying abroad: Which country is the most reliable to go to for graduate school? Zhuang Xiaoying is well known that the United States, Canada, the United Kingdom, and Australia are popular destination countries for studying abroad. These countries have excellent educational resources and have their own characteristics. Therefore, students choose the destination country. When you are a student, you will be confused, so what are the similarities and differences between these countries in terms of fees, schooling, scholarship applications, and post-graduation work visas? In this regard, the author interviewed Mr. Meng Jun, who is studying in Kai Tak, Shanghai International Studies University, and relevant experts from Kaibo Education and other institutions. Academic length: the shortest in the UK The postgraduate education in the UK is usually only one year, which is the shortest of the four countries. Of course, some majors in the United States are only one year long, but at present, more majors are still based on two years. Australia's postgraduate education is usually one and a half years, but students who intend to immigrate often choose two-year postgraduate courses for future immigration. In Canada, graduate programs are usually two years in length. Tuition fees: Canada is cheapest Affected by the exchange rate, studying abroad has become more affordable than before. However, in terms of cost, there are still large differences between countries. Among these four countries, Canada is the most affordable, with a total cost of around 130,000 RMB for a year (including tuition and living expenses), followed by the United Kingdom, with an overall cost of around 150,000 RMB a year, and Australia again, with a one-year cost of Tuition and living expenses are usually between 120,000-150,000 RMB. The tuition fees of public universities and private universities in the United States are quite different. The tuition fees of private universities are often higher, and the annual tuition fee is 200,000 to 300,000 yuan or even higher. Scholarships: There are more opportunities in the United States. The biggest feature of graduate research in the United States is that it provides a large number of research grants (except for business schools). There are many research grants available to students studying the MSc in Engineering, Biochemistry and Computing. The postgraduate scholarships received by foreign students are mainly divided into three categories: Fellowship (excellent student scholarship), research assistant research assistant, and teaching assistant. Often, the difficulty of obtaining Fellowship is very high, the admission rate is low, and it is only possible for the best undergraduate students. The vast majority of Chinese graduate students receive funding from RAs or TAs. In the other three countries, although the government and schools will provide scholarships, the places are often limited and the competition is fierce. Type of study: There are two types of teaching and research in the UK and Australia. It is understood that there are two types of postgraduates in the UK and Australia: postgraduate taught and postgraduate research. The United States and Canada do not have this distinction. The difference between the two is that the former only adopts the teaching method of teaching, while the latter requires readers to complete a certain degree of professional research. The settings and requirements of the two courses are also completely different. Take Australia for example. In the Australian education system, research-based courses are an educational and professional watershed. Those who are really suitable and willing to do research can move up from this, pursue a doctoral degree, and start their own glorious academic career; students who are not suitable or not interested in this, after weighing the pros and cons, end their student career at this level and start another life . The basic idea of the research-based curriculum is to achieve the purpose of mastering the research methods of academic topics through one and a half years of professional field research, including academic thesis publication and graduation thesis defense. The requirements are also high. At the same time, a research-based curriculum can be used to identify students' suitability for further study and successful survival. It is understood that students who study in these two countries mostly choose the teaching method. Changing majors: It is not easy for Canada to apply for a lot of Chinese college students who may not be satisfied with the majors and courses they are currently studying, but under the current Chinese university system, it is difficult to change majors during undergraduate study. For students who intend to study abroad, they can re-learn another major by studying a master's degree abroad, which also gives them an opportunity to cultivate their interests and change their career plans. It is understood that business courses in the United States accept students of any major. Business courses often value not professional background but work background. It is best to apply for this type of discipline with several years of relevant work experience. At the same time, other disciplines such as human resources, media, finance, etc. are also willing to accept students from other majors, as long as the student can provide him with the academic ability in this area. Generally speaking, science and engineering students have some advantages in switching majors than liberal arts students, and have a wider range of options. Most Canadian colleges and universities do not approve of students changing majors, and many majors require relevant academic backgrounds. From the perspective of professional division, the United Kingdom and the United States are not the same, the United States is relatively coarse, and the United Kingdom is more detailed. For example, the taught master's degree in business in the UK can be divided into multiple master's programs such as international business, supply chain management, and exhibition management. Most business schools in American universities offer only two-year MBAs. Students study the same compulsory courses in the first year, and in the second year, they choose international business direction, supply chain direction, exhibition management direction and so on according to their own interests. The same goes for engineering majors. Relatively speaking, the US master's degree is relatively simple, while the British master's degree is very rich. Work visa: Canada's longest It is understood that students from these four countries can currently obtain extended visas after graduation. In Australia, international students can obtain an 18-month temporary residence visa after graduating from a course of two years or more. In the UK, from this year, the period of stay of foreign students in the UK after graduation has been extended to 2 years. After graduating from the United States, international students generally have a one-year internship period. During the year, you can find a job and stay in the United States legally. On April 4, 2008, the U.S. Department of Homeland Security promulgated new regulations, which extended the internship period for science and engineering students after graduation from the original 12 months to 29 months (nearly two and a half years). , which provides great convenience for students studying in the United States. At present, the regulation is limited to natural science, technology, engineering, mathematics, excluding social science, business and other disciplines. In contrast, Canada has the longest work visa period. The Canadian federal government's immigration department has relaxed the work visa period for international students in Canada since last year, from one to two years to three years. There is no need to provide employers when applying. Prove that you are not required to do work related to your studies.