Record: "Painted Skin" premiere conference, the six leading actors appeared together (picture) blog), Sun Li (listen to the song), Qi Yuwu and other stars, the new Oriental magic film "Painted Skin", held a world premiere conference in Guangzhou on the afternoon of September 15. Director Chen Jiashang brought all the leading actors and behind-the-scenes creators to help out. The following is the record of the press conference: Moderator: Dear leaders, distinguished guests and media friends, I am Jingwei (blog), the host of the CCTV Movie Channel "China Film Report (blog)". Welcome to the press conference of the world premiere of the movie "Painted Skin". Some of our friends have just watched the movie "Painted Skin" here, and everyone is talking about it. I think if the main actors have not watched it, they will be very uneasy, so I came up to chat with you. Guests attending today's press conference are: Mr. Yang Hongtao, Director of Ningxia Film Studio; Mr. Wang Tianyun, Vice Chairman of Shanghai Film Group Corporation; Mr. Wang Ruojun, Chairman of Dinglongda (Beijing) International Culture Media Co., Ltd.; Beijing Century Jiaying Culture Development Co., Ltd. Ms. Wang Biaoxia, Chairman of the Company; Mr. Liu Guangwei, Chairman of Wuhan Huaqi Film and Television Culture Company; Mr. Yun Huixiang, President of Singapore New Media Xinlin Film Pte. Ltd.; Ms. Lan Kaishaling, Executive President of Hong Kong Taiji Film Holdings Co., Ltd. Mr. Chen Jiashang, the director of the film "Painted Skin"; Mr. Pang Hong, the producer of the film "Painted Skin"; Mr. Kwong Man Wai and Mr. Liu Haoliang, the screenwriters of the film "Painted Skin"; Mr. Huang Yuetai, the director of photography of the film "Painted Skin"; Mr. Dong Wei, the action designer of the movie "Painted Skin"; Ms. Wu Baoling (blog), the modeling designer of the movie "Painted Skin"; Next are many of our famous actors: Mr. Donnie Yen, the star of the movie "Painted Skin"; Miss Zhou Xun, the leading role of the movie "Painted Skin"; "starring Mr. Chen Kun; movie "Painted Skin" starring Miss Zhao Wei; movie "Painted Skin" starring Miss Sun Li; movie "Painted Skin" starring Mr. Qi Yuwu. Also, Miss Zhang Liangying (Tingge blog), the singer of the theme song "Painted Heart" from the movie "Painted Skin". A very large star cast. welcome. A year has passed, our new oriental magical film "Painted Skin" embodies the hard work of a group of dedicated filmmakers. Today, the film has everything ready and only waiting to be released, and all the main creators will be present. Before this scene Rarely seen during the promotional campaign for the movie Painted Skin. Below are some of the leading actors and directors of the movie "Painted Skin". So many leading actors, what a caring director, should we take pictures first? Okay, let's take a group photo first. (Photo taken) The six leading actors appeared at the press conference. The stars were shining. I think first of all, I would like to ask all the stars to say hello to everyone. Chen Kun: Thanks to so many media friends for paying attention to "Painted Skin", because this film embodies the hopes of many of us, as well as our hard work, I also hope that our performance can bring you wonderful visuals and bring Soul shock. Thank you all for coming today, thank you. Qi Yuwu: Good afternoon, everyone. My name is Qi Yuwu. Today is a very special day for me. I am a native of Guangzhou and have developed in Singapore for eight years. This is the first time I have returned to my hometown to promote myself in China. The first movie I made, so it's very special and meaningful, thank you all for coming, and thank you for supporting our movie. thanks. Donnie Yen: I hope you all have a very happy Mid-Autumn Festival. Zhang Liangying: I am very honored to sing the title song for "Painted Skin" this time. I also watched the very exciting part in the middle, and I hope "Painted Skin" will be very successful. Zhou Xun: I'm very jealous of you. You've all seen it, we haven't seen it yet. Happy Mid-Autumn Festival, today is the premiere of "Painted Skin", I hope you all have a good time, thank you. Zhao Wei: I am very happy to come to Guangzhou to meet all the media friends and audience. I wish everyone a happy Mid-Autumn Festival. I hope our "Painted Skin" can get everyone's support and love, thank you. Sun Li: Hello everyone, I am very happy to come to Guangzhou to promote "Painted Skin". I have not seen it. I hope you will tell me how the performance is during the group visit. I hope you will like "Painted Skin", thank you. Chen Jiashang thanked Zhang Jingying, host Jingwei, who was moved to tears by watching "Painted Skin" Chen Jiashang: I would like to thank everyone, because after the filming, it was the first time that such a whole team was reunited. Zhang Jingying is also welcome, thank you for singing this for us The main song, because this main song is very important to me, she wrote this song in a very short time, thank her. Anyway, watch the play, I can't say more, I will scold after watching the play. Host: Is the director satisfied with himself? Chen Jiashang: I am quite satisfied. I hope everyone can watch this drama happily. I know that every one of them will be very happy. Host: Director, I watched it, do you want to ask me how I feel? Chen Jiashang: Of course. Host: I was very moved. I cried. I read the original work of "Painted Skin" before, but I think it is completely different. I think it is a very romantic love story. Do you think I am accurate? Chen Jiashang: Completely accurate. Moderator: It is very touching, otherwise everyone will not have expectations. It was here just now, we just finished watching this film and then did the press conference. Many viewers, especially female viewers, cried like me. Chen Kun said that the acting process was very depressing. After watching the movie, the host was very exciting. The host: Except for Chen Kun, Zhang Jingying watched some clips, so no one else has watched it, so what is the feeling of Chen Kun watching it? Chen Kun: I watched this movie on the 10th, and I was quite apprehensive before, because acting with so many good actors is a very happy process, of course with two actresses, and my good friend Sun Li. , and with Donnie Yen, we were in a lot of pain during the process of creating, and we were tortured by the director to the point of going crazy. But after watching the movie, I didn't expect that it could be arranged in such a proportion, and so accurately conveyed the magical vision, perfect sound effects, very bright and gorgeous martial arts, and a poignant love. At that time, the process of acting was actually very depressing, and I also hoped that when it was filmed, it would bring a good feeling to everyone. Chen Kun is happy and Zhao Wei's old classmates play husband and wife and Zhou Xun will cooperate again. There is a surprise host: I know that you are very good friends with Zhou Xun and Zhao Wei. You have cooperated with Zhou Xun many times, but it is the first time to cooperate with Zhao Wei. Talk about what it's been like to work with her. Chen Kun: Zhao Wei is my classmate. This time I play my wife, and Zhou Xun plays the seducer... Moderator: What, she really loves you. Chen Kun: I'm very happy. Zhao Wei is playing my wife. I didn't expect a friend who is slapsticking in private to show the feeling of a husband and wife in front of the camera. I hope the feeling we convey is accurate. I have cooperated with Zhou Xun many times, and it was a great surprise to meet again this time. I also felt and learned a lot. Moderator: One more point. It was the first time I saw you playing on the big screen. You were a heroic general, and you played handsomely, but you were actually very tired, right? Chen Kun: Yes, I also cut some. If I want to talk about fighting, I should say Donnie Yen and Qi Yuwu. Qi Yuwu and Zhou Xun learned more from Donnie Yen to the show host: In the end, how Chen Kun's play is, we can only feel it for ourselves. Mr. Qi Yuwu also hit hard, your tongue is very long? Qi Yuwu: That is to ask others to help, to use special skills. Moderator: The stunts were used very well this time, and you have a lot of stunts. Qi Yuwu: You also have to rely on your own fantasy to act. Moderator: Is your opponent and the beautiful Miss Zhou Xun? Qi Yuwu: There is also Donnie Yen. In fact, it was stressful to shoot before, because he was very experienced, and I didn’t know what would happen, but in the process of cooperation, I was also learning on the side, and I think it was very smooth. Donnie Yen Shows Tie Han's Tenderness, Humor and Wisdom Host: Actually, I tell you, the more powerful you are, the more you feel at ease, because the less you will be hit. Brother Zidan, let's not talk about the fight first, I think you have more tenderness. Donnie Yen: Originally I was a tender person. When I met Director Chen Jiashang, I could give full play to my tender side. Moderator: There is also a humorous side. Donnie Yen: I didn't watch it, I don't know, I hope everyone will not laugh at my bad acting. Moderator: No, the person is very nice. The director commented on the humorous and tender side of Big Brother Dan this time. You discovered this. Chen Jiashang: I have been friends with him for many years. Every time I see him shooting only one side of him, he plays the piano very well. My friend Chen Qingjia invited him to play the piano. I think I will shoot Donnie Yen. , I will definitely give you a comprehensive Donnie Yen. I think the Donnie Yen that everyone saw in "Painted Skin" is the complete one. He is a very good-looking man. Moderator: He is a humorous and intelligent man. Jane Zhang only saw the clip and sang "Painting Heart" with her heart Moderator: Jane Zhang watched the clip, how about it? Zhang Liangying: I am very moved. The part I watched the most touching was the final ending. So when I sang this song, the part I just started singing acapella came from the feeling of this part I watched. . Host: So the song "Painting Heart" is also sung with a moving heart? Zhang Jingying: I understand the same as you, I think this is also a beautiful love story. Zhou Xun plays a simple banshee and denies seducing Chen Kun. Host: I think I should take my boyfriend to watch it together. I educate him, cultivate him, and make him a perfect husband. Today, Zhou Xun came in wearing black. Chen Kun: You should not walk in, but float in (laughs). Zhou Xun: I haven't watched it either. I just dubbed it, but when I dubbed it, I looked at that mouth, when to open it and when to close it. Moderator: I just said that you really love him, you give thumbs up frequently. Zhou Xun: Yes, in fact, she didn't seduce him, Xiaowei didn't seduce Wang Sheng, but really loved him, that's why this is the way, and then there is such a pain at the end. Moderator: When we see the end, we will all think why Zhou Xun is so kind and simple in everything, that is, your eyes are always transparent? Zhou Xun: It was designed by the director. Host: Director, am I right? In fact, you didn't direct it. Her eyes showed such a feeling. Chen Jiashang: It's not complete. In fact, when I talked to Zhou Xun about such a role, I talked about how ordinary people think, how to think about this monster, I said that we don't want what others think, let's get a new one, and I'll take it. I told her what I thought now, and she just thought it was quite fun, so now the demons in "Painted Skin" are different from the so-called demons we shot in the past. Zhao Wei's acting as Xianzhen's wife won unanimous praise from the host: Yes, we don't think there are demons, they are all angels. Next, I'm going to talk about Miss Zhao Wei, she really did a great job. Zhao Wei: Thank you. are you crying? Moderator: I cried. You haven't seen it yourself, but have you ever thought that the audience will cry after watching it?