The authoritative opinion of political, academic and business media Chen Guoqiang debates the impact of policy and the crowding out effect of high housing prices&nbsp; Moderator: Thank you very much for Mr. Wang's wonderful speech. With the driving of the ice and snow economy, I believe that Chongli will have a better tomorrow, and winter will be better. Coming soon, this moment is at hand. At present, the prospect of our property market is unclear. Whether the housing price will rise or fall, is it suitable to buy a house now? How will Beijing's one and a half hour living circle develop harmoniously, how Chongli will build a four-season tourism boutique city, and in response to the hot topics in the industry, today we have invited authorities from the government and real estate investment circles to interpret them one by one for us. Guests of the China Tourism and Resort Real Estate Summit Forum: Yu Youbin, Deputy Mayor of Chongli County Government, Zhangjiakou, Chairman of Fulong Group, Wang Cheng, Expert Member of the Residential Construction and Industrial Modernization Expert Committee of the Construction Department, Kaiyan, Vice President of China Real Estate Society, Chen Guoqiang, China Urban Development Zhang Huisheng, the executive vice president of the research institute, Zhang Jian, a partner of Huishi Investment, the guest host of this forum, the editor-in-chief of Sina Leju Beijing Company is famous and famous: I am very grateful to Wang Yuan, who is hosted by a beautiful woman. To be honest, I will host this forum after she hosts. I'm quite nervous. I'm worried that everyone's thoughts are still on her body, but when I saw the guests invited today, my heart was put down again. Today, we not only invited the leaders of Chongli County, but also the project managers and investment experts. Experts in human settlements and urban planning, so I think many of the guests who came to the scene today are friends who are very interested in Chongli and the Tang INN project. The things you care about will be covered in the following forums. There is a good answer, please pay attention to our forum. The host mentioned just now that real estate policies are frequently issued. From April 17th, our country launched real estate regulation, and on September 28th, the second regulation was introduced, and interest rates were raised a few days ago. Therefore, everyone is concerned about the future development of the property market. There are a lot of questions, we will cut into our topic from the perspective of the big policy. First, let Mr. Chen talk about what kind of trend do you think the housing prices in Beijing will be now, and what is the impact of such frequent policies on tourism and vacation real estate? In what ways is the impact reflected? Chen Guoqiang: Let me start with a brief introduction. From a policy perspective this year, it can be said that the property market is an eventful year. At the beginning of the year, there were policies that were completely different from those in 2009. The first round of media in April called it the most stringent regulatory policy in history. On the eve of the National Day, the second round of policies has come out again. From the perspective of policy adjustment, the regulation of ideas, the policy changes this year, the intensity of policy regulation and the combination of policies, and the intensity of policy introduction are unprecedented. The change and adjustment of the policy, I think, has a certain impact on our previous expectations of a unilateral rise in housing prices and land prices, and the expectations for a unilateral rise have changed. Secondly, I would like to simply take a look at the trading volume of the market, especially some key cities along the eastern coast. The trading volume is relatively affected, especially in the north, Shanghai, Guangzhou and Shenzhen, and Beijing is the most obvious. After the regulation, the trading volume has declined. The magnitude is relatively large. The third aspect, I think it should also have a relatively direct impact on the changes in housing prices. The momentum of rapid growth has been initially curbed. It cannot be said that the prices of all projects have been adjusted. There are uneven performances. In terms of price and transaction volume, we have seen a lot of hot-selling real estate daily CDs, and there are also many real estates that continue to have zero transactions. In terms of the land market, in 2009, we all know that there were many land kings, and the records were constantly refreshed. In 2010, under the background of regulation and control, there were fewer land kings, not to say that there were no land kings. The land market seems to be returning to rationality, and there are some obvious changes. . Everyone also knows that this round of regulation is mainly aimed at the residential market. In contrast, commercial real estate and tourism real estate have actually become beneficiaries under the background of regulation. From the perspective of commercial real estate, we may have Seeing that commercial and residential buildings are upside down, there have been changes this year. Tourism real estate may be special. We have seen some projects like Hainan, Shandong, Hebei, and projects such as Chongli that we are discussing today have attracted everyone's attention. Another impact is that the relationship between supply and demand in the market, the relationship between supply and demand in the market and its regulation should have a relatively obvious impact. In Beijing, the impact may be more significant and more direct. Everyone knows the housing available for sale in the Beijing market at the end of September. There are more than 100,000 new housing units, and by the end of the year, I am afraid this number will rise further. Therefore, in some cities, the market supply and demand relationship can be significantly reversed compared with the past. In the past, supply was in short supply and there were long-term contradictions. Today, due to policy adjustments, the freezing point of the market, the relationship between supply and demand in the market is different from the past. These aspects are all due to the impact of policy adjustments. Let's look at it from another angle. For a city like Beijing, which first responded to the central control policy, I think that because of the stricter control policy and the introduction of detailed rules, I think it has formed a clear promotion for non-local areas and surrounding areas. Some needs are actually pushed to the surrounding areas to other small and medium-sized cities. I think this regulation policy first restricts the investment and speculative demand in the market. This has formed an obvious demand for investment, especially for small and medium investors. I think it is to withdraw from the market under the current policy atmosphere. certain. In addition, the demand for the residential sector, especially the investment demand, has been significantly suppressed under the current policy environment. The third aspect, I think from the perspective of Beijing, as the first good district, the capital, its high housing prices and the overall housing price level actually set a high investment threshold for investors and various housing needs. , In these areas around Beijing, due to the high housing prices in Beijing, it has ensured that the local small and medium investment needs of Beijing are evacuated to the surrounding areas. So I think this round of property market adjustment policies will affect our areas around Beijing, other small and medium-sized cities in Beijing, especially those around Beijing, we see many areas, such as Langfang, Beijing's Yanjiao, including Hebei Gu'an, like today Areas like Chongli that focus on exchanges, because of their advantages in transportation location and their own special resource advantages, I think it is natural to attract the needs of small and medium investors who have been introduced to the Beijing market. On the one hand, it is an obvious reasoning under the control of local policies in Beijing. On the other hand, the surrounding projects such as commercial real estate and tourism real estate have attracted Beijing’s demand by virtue of their special high-quality conditions and scarce natural conditions. I think this regulation has different effects on the formation of different projects in different regions. I would like to comment on property navigation: