Shang Ruihua is eager for revenge in the first battle. The Chinese Rose will use the American way to conquer Sweden's Dorman. Sweden is coming, and Shang Ruihua's confidence in seeking 3 points in the first battle is also coming. 72 hours before the first game, the Chinese women's football team was completely relieved from the "Swish phobia", because Shang Ruihua had found the weakness of the Swedes. Find the weak spot and keep it secret. After the results of the Olympic group lottery came out on April 20, the Chinese girls locked Sweden as the number one rival for the success or failure of the Olympic Games, because apart from some veteran players such as Pu Wei, none of the active women's football players had tasted the game of defeating Sweden. taste. In the history of the 15 confrontations between China and Sweden, the Chinese team has 6 wins, 3 draws and 6 losses and the Swedish team is evenly divided. However, since 2001, China has not won in 5 consecutive confrontations with Sweden in the past 8 years. The record is 2 draws and 3 losses. Although the eight-year victory in Sweden was once one of the reasons for Xie Yalong to hire Domansky, this record table has also become a big mountain on the girls, and it has become more and more heavy in the process of preparing for the Olympic Games. Perhaps it was because of this that Shang Ruihua held a tactical analysis class completely aimed at "Swish Fear" three days before the first battle. At noon on the 3rd, in the conference room rented by the Chinese team at the Sheraton Hotel, Shang Ruihua played video clips of the Swedish team's game to everyone. This is an Olympic warm-up match between Sweden and the U.S. team at home on July 6. At that time, the U.S. team's top scorer Wambach was not injured. , but in the end it still suffered from set-piece defense. In a corner kick in the second half, the US team scored the only goal through a long shot. Although the slow motion shows that it was hit on the leg of the Swedish defender and bounced into the net, but from the process In the end, they all showed the same content - "Sweden's defense is not impeccable". Shang Ruihua asked the scientific research coach Cao Xiaodong and others to carefully edit the game, especially the clips where the Swedish team conceded and the US team formed a threatening shot. They were also enlarged and decomposed. Every Chinese girl can watch it at a glance. Clear where the Swedish team can take advantage of. Even the Swedish No. 8 Xie Lin, who was previously called a "terrorist killer" by Shang Ruihua, was found to be inadequate in this tactical decomposition process. The girls knew it well and enjoyed the joy of finding their opponent's weakness, but they had to keep it a secret from reporters. A major player said: "This can't be told to the outside world, anyway, we know what we're doing, and we know how to deal with this fast-paced Xie Lin. What should I do!" The old coach's "Swedish complex" Just like the Chinese team has not defeated Sweden for 8 years, the Swedish team has also suffered consecutive defeats against the US team: Sweden lost 0-1 to the United States in the Algarve Cup last year, and in the group stage of the World Cup Sweden was defeated 0-2 by the United States. This year, the Americans defeated Sweden again in the Algarve Cup. Including the battle on July 6, Sweden did not even have a draw against the United States. It turned out to be a 4-game losing streak! After the tactical analysis class at noon on the 3rd, "beating Sweden in the American way" has become the common aspiration of Chinese women's football players. The girls certainly have reason to look forward to this, because in the last warm-up match before the Olympic Games on July 30, the Chinese women's football team shook hands with the powerful US team 0-0. In the tactical analysis class at noon on the 3rd, this Sino-US warm-up was also sorted out and summarized with the girls. During the commenting process, Shang Ruihua spoke highly of everyone's sense of pressing in the game against the US team. The recognition and praise of the coach has strengthened the "value of pressing" in everyone's subconscious. Even the alternate players who were outside the 18-man roster said: "Since we can play pressing with the US team that is best at pressing, of course there is Confidence to play the same with the Swedish team", the girls are more and more confident in playing the first game well. "Of course we need to keep a low profile, but there is no longer any fear of Sweden in our hearts. As long as we type out what we are training, it is entirely possible to beat Sweden." After this tactical discussion class, more than one player told reporters Expressed the desire to win the first battle. The "Swedish complex" in Shang Ruihua's heart is actually the most important, not only because he is the coach. The Waterloo that Shang Ruihua encountered when he was the first coach of the Chinese women's football team 17 years ago originated from the 1991 World Cup where China was defeated by Sweden 0-1. due to elimination. After the lottery was drawn, the 64-year-old old coach's ambition for revenge was also growing. In early May and mid-July, Shang Ruihua went to Europe twice in a row to spy on Sweden's military situation on the spot. Really know the characteristics of the Swedish team well enough. After the tactical discussion class at noon yesterday, Shang Ruihua told reporters: "The Swedish team has both advantages and disadvantages like all other teams. If we can make a fuss about the opponent's shortcomings, we may defeat the opponent. From the preparation stage of the Olympic Games, it seems that , The Chinese team's tactical characteristics of playing relatively fast have basically taken shape, the flank is also good, and the ability to quickly launch attacks after interceptions in the frontcourt has gradually increased. I know very well that the Swedish team is ranked 3rd in the world and we are 14th. But admitting the gap doesn't mean accepting defeat, and of course I want to win."